4 (OCR) ---
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K240369

Device Name

CAC (gated) Algorithm

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

 

CAC (gated) is a software device intended for use in estimating presence and quantity of coronary
artery calcium for patients aged 30 years and above. The device automatically analyzes non-
contrast electrocardiogram (ECG) gated cardiac computed tomography (CT) images collected and
outputs the segmentation (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification of detected
calcium.

The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
calcium segmentation in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces
the original patient report or the original cardiac CT scan; both are still available to be viewed and
used at the discretion of the physician.

The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
the patient's case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
and are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action
taken on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing
the patient's results.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
5 (OCR) ---
BunkerHill Health Inc.
436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107

Phone: (650) 842-0198

510(K) SUMMARY

BunkerHill Health Inc.’s CAC (gated) Device

Contact Person: Nishith Knandwala
Date Prepared: September 18, 2024

Proposed Device

 

Proprietary Name

CAC (gated) Device

 

Classification Name

Computed tomography x-ray system

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.1750

 

Product Code

JAK

 

Regulatory Class

 

Predicate Device(s)

 

Proprietary Name

Imbio’s CAC Software

 

Premarket Notification

K230112

 

Classification Name

Computed tomography x-ray system

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.1750

 

 

 

 

 

Product Code JAK
Regulatory Class ll
Proprietary Name iCAC Device
Premarket Notification | K230223

 

Classification Name

Computed tomography x-ray system

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.1750

 

Product Code

JAK

 

 

 

Regulatory Class

 

Device Description

 

 

Bunkerhill CAC (gated) is a software as a medical device (SaMD) product that interfaces with
compatible and commercially available CT systems. Bunkerhill CAC (gated) localizes, quantifies,

BunkerHill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- iCAC Device
6 (OCR) ---
and categorizes coronary artery calcification in non-contrast, electrocardiogram (ECG) gated,
chest CT studies. The core features of the product are:

e Categorization of the coronary artery calcium burden in the form of a range of Agatston
scores. Calcium score groupings are defined as one of the four following ranges of Agatston
units:

a. Group 1: 0 Agatston units

b. Group 2: 1-99 Agatston units

c. Group 3: 100-399 Agatston units
d. Group 4: 400+ Agatston units

e Quantification of the overall coronary artery calcium burden in the form of an exact Agatston
Score.

e Quantification of each coronary artery’s (left main (LCA), left anterior descending (LAD), left
circumflex (LCX), and right coronary artery (RCA)) calcium burden in the form of an exact
Agatston score.

e Localization of estimated calcium burden in the form of a CAC segmentation applied to a
copy of the original CT scan (intended for informational purposes only).

Intended Use / Indications for Use

CAC (gated) is a software device intended for use in estimating presence and quantity of coronary
artery calcium for patients aged 30 years and above. The device automatically analyzes non-contrast
electrocardiogram (ECG) gated chest computed tomography (CT) images collected and outputs the
segmentation (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification of detected calcium.

The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
calcium segmentation in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces the
original patient report or the original ECG-gated cardiac CT scan; both are still available to be viewed
and used at the discretion of the physician.

The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
the patient's case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
and are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action
taken on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing
the patient’s results.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

e Both the predicate and the subject device use deep-learning algorithms to identify the
presence of coronary artery calcium deposits and quantify calcium burden in adult patients.

e Both devices analyze computed tomography (CT) images that are sent to the software in
DICOM format.

e Both the predicate and the subject device quantify the calcium burden of the coronary arteries.

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device
7 (OCR) ---
Both devices serve as support tools to provide information to the physician. However, they do
not replace clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of care.
Both devices segment the calcium area on an image and generate a report.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON TABLE

 

Characteristic

Subject Device -CAC

(gated) algorithm

Primary Predicate Device:
Imbio Inc’s CAC SW
(K230112)

Secondary Predicate
Device: iCAC (K230223)

Summary

 

 

Intended Use /
Indications for Use

CAC (gated) is a software
device intended for use in
estimating presence and
quantity of coronary artery
calcium for patients aged
30 years and above. The
device automatically
analyzes non-contrast
electrocardiogram (ECG)
gated chest computed
tomography (CT) images
collected and outputs the
segmentation (intended for
informational purposes
only) and quantification of
detected calcium.

The output of the subject
device is made available to
the physician on-demand
as part of his or her
standard workflow. The
device-generated
quantification can be
viewed in the patient report
at the discretion of the
physician, and the
physician also has the
option of viewing the
device-generated calcium
segmentation in a
diagnostic image viewer.
The subject device output
in no way replaces the
original patient report or the
original ECG-gated cardiac
CT scan; both are still
available to be viewed and

 

 

Imbio CAC Software is
intended for use as a non-
invasive post-processing
software to evaluate
calcified plaques in the
coronary arteries, which
present a risk for coronary
artery disease. Imbio CAC
Software uses machine
learning to analyze thoracic
CT images and outputs a
summary report containing
Agatston score, arterial
age, and calcified lesion
mass and volume metrics
of the calcification burden
for the whole heart and
individual coronary artery
level. Additionally, Imbio
CAC Software outputs
annotated images
previewing the
segmentation of
calcifications for
informational purposes
only. Imbio CAC Software
is limited to the
quantification of detected
possible calcifications in
adult patients > 29 years of
age. It does not diagnose
coronary artery disease.
The device output will be
available to the users as
part of the standard DICOM
viewing workflow. The
Imbio CAC Software results
are not intended to be used
on a stand-alone basis for

 

iCAC is a software device
intended for use in
estimating presence and
quantity of coronary artery
calcium for patients aged 30
years and above during
routine care. The device
automatically analyzes non-
gated, chest computed
tomography (CT) images
collected during routine
care and outputs a visual
representation of estimated
coronary artery calcium
segmentation (intended for
informational purposes
only) and both exact and
four-category quantitative
estimates of the patient's
coronary artery calcium
burden in Agatston units.

The output of the subject
device is made available to
the physician on-demand as
part of his or her standard
workflow. The  device-
generated calcium score or
score group can be viewed
in the patient report at the
discretion of the physician,
and the physician also has
the option of viewing the
device-generated calcium
segmentation in a
diagnostic image viewer.
The subject device output in
no way replaces the original
patient report or the original

 

Same: Both primary and
secondary predicates are
non-invasive post-
processing SW to evaluate
calcified plaque in coronary
arteries. Both use CT
images. Similar to primary
predicate device, CAC
(gated) outputs a summary
report containing Agatston
score, i.e. the calcification
burden for the whole heart
and at individual coronary
artery level. Annotated
images previewing the
segmentation of
calcifications is provided for
information purposes. Both
subject and predicates are
not intended to be used on
a stand-alone basis.

 

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

 
8 (OCR) ---
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Characteristic Subject Device -CAC | Primary Predicate Device: | Secondary Predicate | Summary
(gated) algorithm Imbio Inc’s CAC SW | Device: iCAC (K230223)
(K230112)
used at the discretion of the | clinical decision-making or ECG-gated cardiac CT
physician. otherwise preclude clinical scan; both are still available
assessment of CT images. | to be viewed and used at
The device is intended to the discretion of the
provide information to the physician.
physician to provide
assistance during review of The device is intended to
the patient's case. Results provide information to the
of the subject device are physician to provide
not intended to be used on assistance during review of
a stand-alone basis and are the patient's case. Results
solely intended to aid and of the subject device are
provide information to the not intended to be used on
physician. In all cases, a stand-alone basis and are
further action taken on a solely intended to aid and
patient should only come at provide information to the
the recommendation of the physician. In all cases,
physician after further further action taken on a
reviewing the patient's patient should only come at
results. the recommendation of the
physician after further
reviewing the patient's
results.
Type of Interpretation | Adjunctive information Adjunctive information Adjunctive information Same
Intended User Interpreting physicians Interpreting physicians Interpreting physicians Same
Patient population Patients aged 30 years and | Patients above the age of | Patients aged 30 years and | Same
above 29 above
Anatomical location Cardiac Thoracic, Chest, cardiac Chest Same
Intended location Medical facility Medical facility Medical facility Same
Rx or OTC. Rx Rx Rx Same
Measurement scale Agatston units Agatston units Agatston units Same
Product code JAK JAK JAK Same
Regulation number 21 CFR §892.1750 21 CFR §892.1750 21 CFR §892.1750 Same
Modality Computed tomography (CT) | Computed tomography (CT) | Computed tomography (CT) | Same
Image format DICOM DICOM DICOM Same

 

 

Supported CT scan

 

Cardiac gated CT scan

 

Non-cardiac-gated and

cardiac gated CT scan

 

Non-cardiac-gated CT scan

 

Similar. Primary predicate
is for both gated and non-
gated scans, therefore

 

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

 
9 (OCR) ---
 

Characteristic

Subject Device -CAC

Primary Predicate Device:

Secondary Predicate

Summary

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(gated) algorithm Imbio Inc’s CAC SW | Device: iCAC (K230223)
(K230112)
subject device which works
on gated scans is a subset.
Note: Secondary predicate
iCAC clearance (K230223)
works on non-gated scans.
Slice thickness Up to 3mm Up to 3mm. Up to 5mm. Same
Calcification detection | Automatic Automatic Automatic Same
Default threshold of | 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) Same
calcium
Coronary artery | CAC detection category CAC detection category CAC detection category | Same
calcification (based on Agatston score), | (based on Agatston score), | (based on Agatston score),
quantification method | exact Agatston score including vessel specific exact Agatston score
including vessel specific Agatston scores
Agatston scores.
Main image quality DICOM DICOM DICOM Same
Annotation of detected | Yes Yes Yes Same
calcium
Generate patient | Optional to copy result to | Optional to copy result to | Optional to copy result to | Same
report clipboard, insert in report, | clipboard, insert in report, | clipboard, insert in report,

DICOM Secondary Capture

DICOM Secondary Capture

DICOM Secondary Capture

 

 

Report of the calcium
score

 

Yes, Coronary Calcium
Detection Category and
exact Agatston score.

4 categories (for detection
category):

e 0
° 1-99
¢ 100-399

* 2400

 

Yes, Coronary Calcium
Detection Category

5 categories

 

Yes, Coronary Calcium
Detection Category and
exact Agatston score.

4 categories (for detection
category):

2 0
° 1-99
* 100-399

e 2400

 

Similar, CAC (gated)
provides 4-category
estimates whereas primary
predicate provides 5
categories. Currently
cleared iCAC (secondary
predicate) has 4-categories
similar to the subject
device.

 

Figure 1: SE Table

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

 
10 (OCR) ---
Performance Data

Safety and performance of the CAC (gated) Device has been evaluated and verified in accordance
with software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development
and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions”-June 2023.

The CAC (gated) Device performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective study for overall
agreement of the device output compared to the established ground truth. The pivotal testing dataset
consisted of gated CT studies from six (6) geographically diverse sites. The sample included adequate
representation from each coronary calcium detection category. The CAC (gated) Device’s overall
agreement was determined by comparing the device output coronary calcium detection category to
the ground truth coronary calcium detection category.

The primary endpoint was to evaluate the cardiovascular disease risk category across all cases
between the subject device and the ground truth. Primary acceptance criteria for the pivotal testing
study was defined as Cohen’s weighted kappa for the 4-category score group assessment of at least
0.90. The BunkerHill device demonstrated a Cohen’s weighted kappa of 0.972 (95%CI 0.958, 0.987)
thus exceeding the primary acceptance criteria for the pivotal testing study.

Conclusions

The CAC (gated) Device is as safe and effective as the predicate devices (Imbio’s CAC Software
K230112 and iCAC device K230223). The CAC (gated) Device has the same intended uses and
similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device.
The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do not
affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the minor technological
differences between the CAC (gated) Device and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety
or effectiveness.

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device
