 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

510(k) Number (if known)
K242989

 

Device Name

Second Opinion® 3D

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

Second Opinion® 3D is a radiological automated image processing software device intended to identify and mark
clinically relevant anatomy in dental CBCT radiographs; specifically Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar
Canal and Mental Foramen (IAN), Maxillary Sinus, Nasal space, and airway. It should not be used in lieu of full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid health professionals to review CBCT radiographs of patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent
and second reader

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
5 )) K243989

510(K) SUMMARY

 

1. Submitter's Identification

Pearl Inc.

2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA

(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: Ashley Brown | Position: Director of Regulatory Affairs |

Date Summary Prepared: May 21, 2025

2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® 3D

3. Common or Usual Name

Radiological Automated Image Processing System

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code

Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2050, Class II
Product Code: QIH (Radiological Automated Image Processing System)

5. Predicate Information

Predicate device: proposed predicate device for clearance of Second Opinion® 3D is
Relu Creator by Relu BV, cleared in (K233925, June 13, 2024), a semi-automated
software device classified as a Class II device pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2050 Medical
image management and processing system under product code QIH.

The Relu Creator is a software that is part of the digital workflow of dental specialists
in preoperative planning. The main purpose is the 3D modeling of the patient
anatomy, which is technically called image segmentation and multimodel registration.
Based on the model, simulations for preoperative and pretreatment planning can be
carried out for dental applications. The 3D modeling (segmentation + registration) is
performed on medical images like CBCT, IOS and FS. The preoperative/pretreatment
software can be applied in various dental disciplines such as orthodontics,
implantology, and maxillofacial surgery.
ofan

The Relu Creator device has the same technology (automatic segmentation algorithm) and
intended use as automated image processing to aid dental professionals in the
visualization of CBCT radiographs. Please see ‘Predicates and Substantial Equivalence’
document identified in this submission

 

The cleared device is a software device, indicated for use by dental health
professionals as an aid in reviewing CBCT radiographs. The device utilizes computer
vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques, to identify clinically
relevant anatomy on CBCT radiographs.

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as the overall intended
use and nature of the software remains the same.

6. Device Description
Second Opinion® 3D is a radiological automated image processing software device

intended to identify clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. It should not be used
in lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to identify clinically relevant anatomy on
CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent
and second reader.

Second Opinion® 3D consists of three parts:

° Application Programing Interface (“API”)
° Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
° Client User Interface (UI) (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
Images are uploaded by user

Images are sent for processing via the API
The API routes images to the ML modules

The ML modules produce detection output
The UI renders the detection output

APON>

The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user interface
and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine learning
modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by the machine
learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

Second Opinion® 3D uses machine learning to identify areas of interest such as Individual
teeth, including implants and bridge pontics; Maxillary Complex; Mandible; Inferior Alveolar
Canal and Mental Foramen (defined as IAN); Maxillary Sinus; Nasal Space; Airway. Images
received by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as
ofan

metadata. The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the
UI for visualization. Masks are displayed as overlays atop the original CBCT radiograph
which indicate to the practitioner a clinically relevant anatomy. The clinician can toggle over
the image to highlight a particular anatomy. Please see the ‘Device Description’ document
identified in this submission.

 

7. Indications for Use

Second Opinion® 3D is a radiological automated image processing software device
intended to identify and mark clinically relevant anatomy in dental CBCT radiographs;
specifically Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar Canal and Mental Foramen (IAN),
Maxillary Sinus, Nasal space, and airway. It should not be used in lieu of full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid health professionals to review CBCT radiographs of patients 12 years
of age or older as a concurrent and second reader.

8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
The predicate devices and subject device are similar devices in the following ways:

1) Intended use: All devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in their
clinically relevant anatomy on CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth.

2) Technology characteristics: All devices employ computer vision and machine
learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
processing, and 3D rendering of segmentation within a user interface with a
graphical overlay over radiographs.

3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate devices are software systems,
neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for
both devices, subject and predicate, are potential inaccurate or misplaced
anatomical segmentations, which could result in a temporary non-serious
injury. In the case of each device, users are not meant to rely solely on
detection output for clinical decision-making.

4) Performance Bench Testing: All devices have undergone bench studies which
demonstrate statistically significant performance accuracy in segmenting
defined anatomies within CBCT radiographs.
ofan

 

Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion® 3D with the predicate devices.

Subject Device

   

Ele Mace ler

 

 

 

Relu Creator
Second Opinion® 3! K233925
Manufacturer Pearl Inc. Relu BV
Classification 892.2050 892.2050
Product Code QIH QIH
Image Radiograph Radiograph
Modality

 

Intended Use

Dental automated image processing
software device to aid in reviewing CBCT
radiograph by HCP

Dental automated image processing software device to aid
in reviewing CBCT, IOS and FS medical images by HCP

 

Full IFU

Second Opinion® 3D is a radiological
automated image processing software.
device intended to identify and mark'
clinically relevant anatomy in dental
CBCT radiographs; specifically Dentition,
Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar Canal
and Mental
Sinus, Nasal space, and airway. It should
not be used in lieu of full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make
or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid health professionals,

to review CBCT radiographs of patients
12 years of age or older as a concurren
and second reader.

Relu Creator is a software program for the management,
transfer, and analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial
image information, and can be used to provide design input
for dental solutions. It displays and enhances digital images
from various sources to support the
diagnostic process and treatment planning. It stores and

Foramen (IAN), Maxillary|provides these images within the system or across computer

systems at different locations.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Intended body Dental Dental
part
Technology Utilizes computer vision neural network Utilizes computer vision neural network algorithms,
algorithms, developed from open-source developed from open-source models using supervised
models using supervised machine machine learning techniques
learning techniques
Device 3D modelling of patient anatomy 3D modelling of patient anatomy
Description

 

9. Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices

The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate device is the
automatic identification and display of dental-related anatomies using machine learning.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

+ Both devices are designed to process CBCT radiographs.

 

 
ofan

+ Both devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for 3D
modelling of patient anatomy.

+ Both devices display a mask overlay on the CBCT radiograph.

+ Both devices produce near-instantaneous identification results.

+ Both devices require a Basic Documentation Level.

+ Both devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

 

10. Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone bench performance
study. The results of the study showed the system is both safe and effective for its
intended use. When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion® 3D are
weighed against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks.
This judgment can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that
Second Opinion® 3D meets the design verification and validation requirements. It is thus
concluded that Second Opinion® 3D can be considered safe and effective such that the
device will aid users in the indicated user population in their CBCT radiographic review.

11. Cybersecurity

Pearl developed Security controls and processes in accordance with FDA Guidance -
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions dated September 2023. These processes are used in both the
development of Second Opinion® 3D and in post-market surveillance to ensure the
product upholds the highest standards of privacy and security.

12. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed

The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
applicable to this device. Second Opinion® verification testing of software, unit testing,
software integration testing, and software system testing were conducted. Verification
and validation activities for Second Opinion® were conducted to provide evidence that
the design meets user needs, intended use and application specification. The testing
results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria and
the claims of substantial equivalence.

13. Discussion of Bench Performance Tests

Bench testing was performed Second Opinion® 3D to clinically validate the different
anatomical structures in CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth. The software modification
is intended to assist dentists with their manual comparison by identifying and marking
clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. The effectiveness of Second Opinion®
3D was gauged via bench performance testing to determine the segmentation accuracy of
ofan

Second Opinion® 3D in identifying different anatomical structures in CBCT radiographs of
permanent teeth of patients 12 years of age or older.

 

The bench performance testing included 100 images of the following anatomies: dentition,
maxilla, mandible, IAN space, sinus, nasal space, airway. These anonymized images
represent patients across the United States with permanent teeth and are representative of
the intended patient population. These images were also used to carry out sub-group
analysis that demonstrated generalizability of the device across the intended patient
population. The success criteria for this study has been defined as a clinically meaningful
measure of accuracy. In the table below, the results of the anomalies with corresponding
statistical analysis can be observed:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AnatomyID | Anatomy Name | Mean (95% Cl) | Median [Min., Max.] | Std.dev. | one-sample t-test (p_value)

Dentition 0.86 (0.83, 0.89) 0.88 [0.55, 0.93] 0.08 <0.000001
2 Maxillary Complex 0.91 (0.91, 0.92) 0.92 [0.72, 0.94] 0.03 <0.000001
3 Mandible 0.97 (0.97, 0.97) 0.97 [0.94, 0.98] 0.01 <0.000001
4 IAN Canal 0.76 (0.74, 0.78) 0.78 [0.4, 0.88] 0.09 <0.000001
5 Maxillary Sinus —_ 0.97 (0.97, 0.98) 0.98 [0.73, 0.99] 0.03 <0.000001
6 Nasal Space 0.9 (0.89, 0.91) |__ 0.91 [0.72, 0.96] 0.04 <0.000001
7 Airway 0.95 (0.94, 0.96) _ 0.96 [0.58, 0.98] 0.04 <0.000001

 

 

 

Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, IAN space, Sinus, Nasal space, and airway passed their
individually associated threshold.' The Second Opinion® 3D device, has therefore been
determined to accurately segment the identified anatomies based on the analysis of results
with p-values below 0.05, showing statistically significant accuracy at a 95% confidence
interval.

(1) Albano, D., Galiano, V., Basile, M. et al. Artificial intelligence for radiographic imaging
detection of caries lesions: a systematic review. BMC Oral Health 24, 274 (2024).

14. Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes

Primary predicate: Relu Creator

Performance bench testing of the Relu Creator software was performed utilizing a dataset
of 40 CBCT scans acquired with different scanning parameters. The Relu Creator
software demonstrated in a study on the segmentation of dental implants in CBCT images
reported a Dice Similarity Coefficient score of 0.92+0.02, demonstrating the effectiveness
of their model in accurately segmenting dental implants. These examples illustrate that
ofan

models utilizing Relu Creator can achieve high segmentation accuracy, as evidenced by
substantial Dice Coefficient scores.

 

15. Conclusions

Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion® 3D and its primary
predicate device, Relu Creator, are deemed to have similar intended uses as devices
which aid in identifying clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. Second
Opinion® 3D’s bench performance testing the results demonstrate that the device
effectively performs as well as the primary predicate device.

Second Opinion® 3D raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

 
