DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K240554
Device Name

InferRead Lung CT.Al

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

InferRead Lung CT.AI is comprised of computer assisted reading tools designed to aid the
radiologist in the detection of pulmonary nodules = 4mm during the review of CT examinations of the
chest on an asymptomatic population = 55 years old. InferRead Lung CT.AI requires that both lungs
be in the field of view. InferRead Lung CT.AI provides adjunctive information and is not intended to
be used without the original CT series.

 

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xx Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
510(k) Summary K240554
Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
This 510(k) Summary is in conformance with 21CFR 807.92

Submitter: Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Room B401, 4th Floor, Building 1,
No.12 Shangdi Information Road,
Haidian District, Beijing, 100085
Phone: +86 10-86462323

Primary Contact: Mr. Matt Deng
Email: matt.deng @infervision.ai
Phone: 929-335-4879

Company Contact: NaLi
Regulatory Manager

Date Prepared: May 16, 2025

Device Name and Classification

Trade Name: InferRead Lung CT.AT

Classification: Class II

510(k) Number: K240554

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System

Common Name: Lung Computed Tomography System, Computer-Aided Detection
Classification Panel: Radiology

Product Code: OEB, QIH

Primary Predicate Device:

Trade Name: InferRead Lung CT.AT

Classification: Class II

510(k) Number: K192880

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System

Common Name: Lung Computed Tomography System, Computer-Aided Detection
Classification Panel: Radiology

Product Code: OEB, LLZ

Secondary Predicate Device:
Trade Name Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AIT 1
Classification Class II

510(k) Number K162484

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
Common Name System, Image Processing, Radiological
Classification Panel Radiology

Product Code LLZ, JAK

Reference device is:

Trade Name ClearRead CT

Classification Class II

510(k) Number K221612

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System

Common Name Lung Computed Tomography System, Computer-Aided Detection
Classification Panel Radiology

Product Code OEB, LLZ

Device Description

InferRead Lung CT.AI uses the deep learning (DL) technology to perform nodule detection. It is
a dedicated post-processing application that generates CADe marks as an overlay on original CT
scans. The software can be installed in a healthcare facility or a cloud-based platform and is
comprised of computer-assisted reading tools designed to aid radiologists in detecting, segmenting,
measuring and localizing actionable pulmonary nodules that are 4mm or above during the review
of chest CT examinations of asymptomatic populations, with enhanced capabilities for pulmonary
nodule follow-up comparison and lung analysis. InferRead Lung CT.AI provides auxiliary
information and is not intended to be used if the original CT series is not available.

Indications for Use

InferRead Lung CT.AI is comprised of computer assisted reading tools designed to aid the
radiologist in the detection of pulmonary nodules > 4mm during the review of CT examinations of
the chest on an asymptomatic population > 55 years old. InferRead Lung CT.AI requires that both
lungs be in the field of view. InferRead Lung CT.AI provides adjunctive information and is not
intended to be used without the original CT series.

Substantial Equivalence

Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd. asserts that InferRead Lung CT.AI is substantially
equivalent in both intended use and technical characteristics to the cited predicate devices. The
variations in design and performance compared to the predicate devices do not impact the safety
or effectiveness of InferRead Lung CT.AI for its intended use. Table below lists the predicate
devices alongside the subject device, including their respective Product Codes and Indications for
Use.

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AI

wv
Detailed Comparison of the Subject and Predicate/Reference Devices

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item Subject Device: Primary Predicate: Secondary Predicate: Reference Device:
InferRead Lung CT.AI InferRead Lung CT.AI Lung Nodule ClearRead CT(K221612)
(K192880) Assessment and
Comparison Option
(LNA)(K162484)
InferRead Lung CT.Alis | InferRead Lung CT.Al is _ |The Lung Nodule ClearRead CT is comprised
Use comprised of computer comprised of computer Assessment and of computer-assisted
isted reading tools isted reading tools Comparison Option is reading tools designed to
designed to aid the designed to aid the intended for use as a aid the radiologist in the
radiologist in the detection | radiologist in the detection | diagnostic patient-imaging | detection and
of pulmonary nodules > of pulmonary nodules tool. It is intended for the | characterization of
4mm during the review of | during the review of CT __| review and analysis of pulmonary nodules during
CT examinations of the examinations of the chest _ | thoracic CT images, the review of screening and
chest on an asymptomatic | on an asymptomatic providing quantitative and | surveillance (low-dose) CT
population > 55 years old. | population. InferRead characterizing information | examinations of the chest
InferRead Lung CT.AI Lung CT.AI requires that | about nodules in the lung _| on a non-oncological
requires that both lungs be | both lungs be in the field of | in a single study, or over patient population.
in the field of view. view. InferRead Lung the time course of several | ClearRead CT requires
InferRead Lung CT.AI CT.AI provides adjunctive | thoracic studies. both lungs be in the field of
provides adjunctive information and is not Characterizations include __| view and is not intended
information and is not intended to be used without | diameter, volume and for monitoring patients
intended to be used without | the original CT series. volume over time. The undergoing therapy for
the original CT series. system automatically lung cancer or limited field
performs the of view CT scans.
measurements, allowing __ | ClearRead CT provides
lung nodules and adjunctive information and
measurements to be is not intended to be used
displayed. without the original CT
series.
Product Code | OEB, QIH OEB, LLZ LLZ, JAK OEB, LLZ
User Access Post Processing Post Processing Post Processing Post Processing
Point Application Application Application Application
Image Input | DICOM DICOM DICOM DICOM
Type of Scans | CT cT cr cT
Anatomical Chest Chest Chest Chest
Region
‘Automatically | Yes Yes Yes Yes
Locate and
Identify Lung
Nodules
Modifies the No No No No
Original CT
scan
Automatic The maximum axial plane |The maximum and axial __| Short axis- longest Volume, maximum,

calculation of
measurements

 

longest diameter and
shortest diameter, the mean

 

plane longest diameter,
mean diameter and volume

 

diameter perpendicular to
the long axis on the

 

minimum, average axial
plane diameters

 

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AI

 
 

 

 

 

 

for each diameter, volume, mean information are provided. _ | slice(mm)
segmented densities information are Long Axis- Longest
nodule provided. diameter on an axial slice
(mm)
Average\ Max 3D \
Effective diameter (mm)
Volume(mm3)
Mean densities (HU)
Temporal Yes, automatic No Yes, Semi-Automatic Yes, Fully Automatic
Comparison
(Nodule
Matching)
Segmentation | Yes No Yes Yes
of lungs and
lung lobes
Nodule Yes No No Yes
location
Reporting Yes No Yes Yes
results

 

 

 

 

 

 

Key features identified that differ from the predicate are discussed below. The newly introduced
features have been validated and does not compromise the device’s safety and effectiveness.
Nodule location:

This feature displays the lobar location of each detected pulmonary nodule. It relies on the same
nodule-detection algorithm used in predicate device K192880 and serves to enhance physicians’
ability to accurately localize detected nodules.

Nodule density:

Compared with predicate device K192880, this product additionally provides nodule density
information for detected nodules. Nodule density is objectively quantified based on CT-derived
Hounsfield Unit (HU) values.

Nodule registration between prior and current scan:

If prior scans are available for a case, the software will automatically match identified nodules
between the current series and the prior series, and display each nodule’s change status as one of
the following: “Increased, Decreased New Disappeared, No Change”. Physicians may manually
adjust the matching results if needed.

Performance testing:

Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd. has assessed and tested the product and has passed all
predetermined testing criteria. The plans for validation tests were designed to evaluate outputs by
InferRead CT Lung.AI and followed the procedures documented in the validation test plan.
Validation tests indicated that as required by the risk analysis, designated individuals performed
all verification and validation activities and that the results demonstrated that the predetermined
acceptance criteria were met.

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AI 4

 
Regarding the performance of the AI outputs, the nodule detection and segmentation functions
were consistent with the predicate product (K192880), as verified through consistency testing. For
the newly added functions, including nodule registration, nodule localization and lung lobe
segmentation, we conducted standalone performance testing. The detailed results are as follows:

Nodule Registration Standalone Performance Test

InferRead Lung CT.AI was evaluated in a Nodule Registration standalone test that contained 98
lung cancers screening cases with 206 nodule pairs. InferRead Lung CT.AI achieved an overall
nodule Match Rate of 0.970 (95%CI: 0.947-0.994). In the scan interval subgroup analysis, the
nodule match rates were as follows: 0.976 (95%CI: 0.911-1.0) for the 0-6 month interval, 1.000
(95%CI: N/A) for the 6-12 month interval, and 0.938 (95%CI: 0.880-0.997) for the 12-24 month
interval.

Nodule Lobe Localization Standalone Performance Test

InferRead Lung CT.AI was evaluated in a Nodule Lobe Localization standalone test that contained 94 lung
cancer screening scans with 188 nodules. InferRead Lung CT.AI achieved an overall Lobe Localization
Accuracy Rate of 0.957 (95%CI: 0.929-0.986).

Lung Lobe Segmentation Standalone Performance Test

InferRead Lung CT.AI was evaluated in a Lung Lobe Segmentation standalone test that contained
22 lung cancer screening cases with 110 lung lobes. The test results for pulmonary lobe
segmentation showed that the average Dice Coefficient was 0.966 (95%CI: 0.962 to 0.969).

Other Non-Clinical Testing Summary

InferRead Lung CT.AI was designed and developed by Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
in accordance with applicable requirements, design controls, and relevant standards. It has
demonstrated substantial equivalence to the predicate device. Non-clinical testing has demonstrated
that InferRead Lung CT.AI complies with the following FDA-recognized consensus standards:

@ IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015

@ ISO 14971:2019

@ AAMITIRS7:2016

The substantial equivalence of InferRead Lung CT.AI has been demonstrated through verification
and validation testing in accordance with applicable specifications, acceptance criteria, and
performance standards. The traceability analysis provides traceability between the requirement
specifications, design specifications, risks, and verification testing of the subject device. All
requirements and risk controls have been successfully verified and traced. A comprehensive risk
analysis was performed for the subject device and appropriate risk controls have been implemented
to mitigate hazards.

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AI 5
Software verification and validation activities were conducted in accordance with IEC
62304:2006+A1:2015 — Medical device software — Software lifecycle processes and ISO
14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices, and in
accordance with relevant FDA guidance documents, Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions (issued June 14, 2023), and Cybersecurity in Medical
Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions (issued September
27, 2023).

Cybersecurity and vulnerability analyses were conducted, and it has been determined that
InferRead Lung CT.AI conforms to the cybersecurity requirements.

The following processes were followed and applied during the design and development of
InferRead Lung CT.AT:

* Risk Analysis

* Unit Testing

+ Integration Testing

+ System Testing

+ Performance Testing

+ Software Verification & Validation

* Cybersecurity Testing and Analysis

InferRead Lung CT.AI was tested and was found to be substantially equivalent for the intended
use, intended users, intended patient population, and use environments, as demonstrated through
verification and validation testing evaluating its clinical usage and performance. Validation testing
was performed to ensure that the final product meets the requirements for the specified clinical
application and performs as intended to meet users’ needs, while demonstrating substantial
equivalence to the predicate device.

Conclusion

In preparing this 510(k) submission, Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd. has meticulously
considered the relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and believes that the information
provided herein meets the criteria for demonstrating substantial equivalence in terms of design
features, fundamental technology, indications for use, and the safety and effectiveness of the
device. Furthermore, verification and validation testing have been conducted to confirm that the
device meets its intended use and specifications when operated as intended.

Infervision InferRead Lung CT.AI 6
