DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241681
Device Name

 

Overjet Image Enhancement Assist

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

Overjet Image Enhancement Assist is an image processing software that can be used for image
enhancement in dental radiographs viewed in the Overjet device platform. It is an optional tool to be
used for image quality enhancement.

 

The software improves image quality by:

- Reducing Noise: Utilizing a learning-based algorithm for noise reduction in bitewing and periapical
images.

- Enhancing Contrast and Sharpness: Applying standard, non-learning based techniques to enhance
contrast and sharpness for bitewing, periapical, and panoramic images.

Raw images will be acquired and reviewed using the dental clinics standard imaging acquisition and
viewing software. This device is part of the Overjet platform alone, it is not intended to replace their
own diagnostic imaging system.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
x Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

 

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
WOVERJET

K241681 - 510 (k) Summary

Applicant Name: Overjet, Inc

Applicant Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612

Applicant Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar

Applicant Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai

Correspondent Name: Overjet, Inc

Correspondent Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Correspondent Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612

Correspondent Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar

Correspondent Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai

Date Prepared: August 15th, 2024

Device Trade Name: Overjet Image Enhancement Assist

Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050

Product Code: QIH

Legally Marketed Predicate Device: SubtleMR (2.3.x)

Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050

Predicate Product Code: LLZ

Predicate K number: K223623

Device Description Summary

Overjet Image Enhancement is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) that enhances dental
radiographic images within the Overjet Platform, intended for use by dental providers in clinics or
hospitals. It supports routine dental images, including bitewing, periapical, and panoramic images,
viewed within the Overjet Platform.

The software enhances image quality by reducing noise with a learning-based algorithm for bitewing
and periapical images, and by improving contrast and sharpness using standard, non-learning based
techniques. For panoramic images, standard enhancement techniques improve contrast and sharpness
without learning-based noise reduction. The enhancement feature can be toggled on and off by the user
within the Overjet Platform. AI predictions for findings such as caries, calculus, etc. are run as specified
for each FDA cleared device and are run on unenhanced (original) images only. There is no
modification to the output of other FDA cleared Overjet devices when the image enhancement feature is
applied.

Overjet, Inc 1
W OVERJET

Intended Use/Indications for Use

Overjet Image Enhancement Assist is an image processing software that can be used for image
enhancement in dental radiographs viewed in the Overjet device platform. It is an optional tool to be
used for image quality enhancement.

The software improves image quality by:

- Reducing Noise: Utilizing a learning-based algorithm for noise reduction in bitewing and periapical
images.

- Enhancing Contrast and Sharpness: Applying standard, non-learning based techniques to enhance
contrast and sharpness for bitewing, periapical, and panoramic images.

Raw images will be acquired and reviewed using the dental clinics standard imaging acquisition and
viewing software. This device is part of the Overjet platform alone, it is not intended to replace their
own diagnostic imaging system.

Indications for Use Comparison

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, with minor differences. Both
devices operate within standard imaging workflows, enhancing images for viewing. The subject device
uses one model for denoising with standard techniques for sharpness and contrast, while the predicate
uses two learning based models. Both devices utilize the PyTorch framework and similar loss functions,
and these differences do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Technological Comparison

The technological characteristics of the subject device are nearly identical to those of the predicate
device, with only minor differences. The subject device operates within the standard dental imaging
workflow, allowing users to acquire, review, and store images as usual, with the enhanced images
available for optional viewing on the Overjet Platform via a web browser. Unlike the predicate device,
which uses two models for sharpness enhancement and denoising, the subject device employs a single
model for denoising and standard techniques for sharpness and contrast. Both devices utilize the PyTorch
machine learning framework and employ similar loss functions, including L1 and SSIM. These
differences do not present new questions of safety and effectiveness, ensuring the subject device's
substantial equivalence to the predicate.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions
Overjet conducted the following performance testing: software verification and validation testing, a

study that utilized retrospective data to demonstrate that the software enhanced image quality
(quantification report and expert clinical evaluation).

Overjet, Inc 2
W OVERJET

The test methods were highly similar to those of the predicate device. The study on retrospective
images was divided into two tests: 1) a quantification report to provide results on contrast-to-noise
ratio (CNR) and peak-signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR), and 2) a Likert expert clinical evaluation. All tests
passed successfully.

The results of this testing demonstrated that the performance of the Overjet Image Enhancement Assist
device is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device.

Overjet, Inc 3
