DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K243863
Device Name
Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is a software device that uses a machine learning-based algorithm to
automate segmentation and visualization of lesions along with automation of measurement of total
metabolic tumor volume within whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of patients with FDG-avid
lymphomas.

 

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is used to assist trained interpreting physicians with visualization of
suspected lesions and calculation of total volume of all lesions in a body. This information can be
used in addition to the standard of care image interpretation of FDG-PET/CT scans. Opulus™
Lymphoma Precision annotated images can be reviewed by an appropriately trained physician.

The algorithm is assistive, and requires a radiologist review, who will make the final decision on
FDG-PET/ CT image interpretation.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
K243863

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance

with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

 

Submitter Name

Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.

 

2881 Scott Blvd

 

Address Santa Clara, CA 95050 USA
Aarti Shukla
Regulatory Affairs Manager, RIS
Contact Phone: (408) 705-7215

Fax: (925) 225-0207
aarti, shukla@roche.com

 

Date Prepared

December 16, 2024

 

Proprietary Name

Automated Total Metabolic Tumor Volume (aTMTV)

 

Common Name

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision

 

Classification Name

Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.2050

 

Regulatory Class

Ul

 

Product Codes

QIH, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 

Predicate Device

 

 

NS-HGlio, K221738

 

 
1. Device DESCRIPTION

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is an assistive tool which can be used by physicians to automate
the labor intensive task of quantifying disease burden in whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of
patients already diagnosed with FDG-avid lymphomas. It does so by using a machine learning
methodology to localize and segment FDG-PET activity (‘hot-spots’ on FDG-PET scans) of
lymphoma lesions within a PET/CT image. Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision does not screen for
or diagnose lymphoma. It is intended for patients already diagnosed with FDG-avid lymphoma.
The following is a list of key functionalities algorithm performs to accomplish the proposed
intended use.

e localization and segmentation,

e visualization of lymphoma-related tumor lesions

e quantification of Total Metabolic Tumor Volume (TMTV)

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision aids the efficiency of medical professionals by automatically
generating tumor boundary Regions of Interest (ROIs) and quantifying TMTV, which is a tedious
task when performed manually. The physician has the option to accept/reject the output

generated by the device. The user does not have the ability to modify the device output.

2. InpicaTions For Use

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is a software device that uses a machine learning-based
algorithm to automate segmentation and visualization of lesions along with automation of
measurement of total metabolic tumor volume within whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of

patients with FDG-avid lymphomas.

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is used to assist trained interpreting physicians with
visualization of suspected lesions and calculation of total volume of all lesions in a body. This
information can be used in addition to the standard of care image interpretation of FDG-PET/CT
scans. Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision annotated images can be reviewed by an appropriately

trained physician.

The algorithm is assistive, and requires a radiologist review, who will make the final

decision on FDG-PET/ CT image interpretation.
3. Comparison OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

 

 

(AIML) Algorithm

Feature/function Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision NSHGtio .
(subject device) (predicate device)
Model Type Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning | Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning

(AIML) Algorithm

 

Patient population

Patients already pathologically diagnosed
with FDG-avid lymphomas

Patients already pathologically diagnosed to
have brain tumors

 

 

 

 

 

 

segmented lymphoma disease burden

Input Standard DICOM format - PET with the Standard DICOM format - four different
associated attenuation correction CT MRI sequences
Output Report and image overlay Report and image overlay
Segmentation Segments disease related tracer uptake in | Segments disease related contrast
FDG-avid lymphomas uptake and FLAIR image intensity
changes in high-grade gliomas (HGG)
Visualization Overlay of segmentation mask on input Overlay of segmentation mask on input MRI
PET/CT images images
Quantification Volumetric measurements derived from Volumetric measurements derived

from segmented HGG disease burden

 

Ground truth

 

 

Reference standard (ground truth) was

 

Reference standard (ground truth) was

 

 

Establishment established using three US board certified | established using three board certified
radiologists/nuclear medicine physicians | neuroradiologists with expertise in
with expertise in identifying and identifying and segmenting high grade
segmenting FDG-avid lymphoma related | gliomas
uptake

4. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Safety and performance of Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision

 

ave been evaluated and verified in

accordance with software specifications and applicable performance standards through software

verification and validation testing. The software verification and validation activities were

performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software — Software

life cycle processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance document, “Content of Premarket

Submissions for Device Software Functions” June 14, 2023.

The performance validation study of the Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision algorithm included 182

unique patients’ FDG-PET/CT scans with various gender, ethnicity and age that were representative

of the Intended Use and population for the algorithm. The respective FDG-PET/CT scans were

obtained from multiple geographical locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, and

Taiwan, using scanners from different manufacturers and models including GE, Siemens, Philips.

 
The Performance validation study data was a fully independent dataset from the training and
characterization datasets: FDG-PET/CT scans came from an independent set of patients and the
manual reads were performed by an independent pool of radiologists. Further, the performance

validation dataset was not available to the algorithm developers during the algorithm training.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Patient Characteristic Percentage (%)
Gender

Female 34.6%

Male 65.4%
Ethnicity

Hispanic Or Latino 1.6%

Not Hispanic Or Latino 96.2%

Not Reported 1.6%

Unknown 0.5%

 

Age groups

 

 

 

 

 

<40 11.0%
40-49 y 11.5%
50-59 y 17.0%
60-69 y 28.0%
>=10 y 32.4%

 

 

 

 

Reference standard (ground truth) was established using three radiologists/nuclear medicine
physicians with expertise in interpreting PET/CT scans from patients with FDG-avid lymphoma.
The ground truth for each scan was based on the independent input from three radiologists

randomly selected from a pool of nine radiologists.

The objectives of the performance validation study were to demonstrate agreement of TMTV
quantitative estimates between aTMTV and manual (mTMTV), confirming that there is an
acceptable difference between aTMTV and mTMTV and accuracy in lesion segmentation by
comparing aTMTV-generated contours and ground truth. The dataset was evaluated using
metrics of absolute agreement between the Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision algorithm output and

the ground truth TMTV under cubic root, as well as with the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC).
The mean difference between Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision algorithm and the ground truth
was -0.20 cm (95% CI, cm: -0.50, 0.10) for TMTV values < 2.5 cm, and -0.23 cm (95% CI, cm:
-0.38, -0.09) for TMTV values > 2.5 cm. The mean DSC score was 0.70 (95% CI, 0.66, 0.73).

5. ConcLusions

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision
algorithm raises no new questions of safety or effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to

the predicate device.
