
--- Page 3 (OCR) ---
 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K240094
Device Name
LumiNE US

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LumiNE US software is intended for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy and
pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D patient imaging into
3D models and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented Reality. When accessing the
LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor, images viewed are for informational
purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use.

The LumiNE US software is intended for use by a (neuro)surgeon, (neuro)surgical resident or a medical professional that
is qualified by a hospital to prepare medical imaging for surgeons. For the conversion of medical imaging into 3D models,
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and/or Computed Tomography (CT) imaging of adult patients are required. The
LumiNE US software is intended to be used for visualization in preparation of surgery, and not for diagnostic use.
Therefore, segmentation and visualization of tumors or any other pathology can only be used for previously known and
pre-diagnosed conditions.

LumiNE US can only be used for contrast-enhanced Tl MR scans (semi-automatic segmentation of known tumor, skin,
brain, and ventricles), or for CT scans (threshold-based segmentation).

The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function can only be used in case of a single intracranial contrast enhancing
tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1 in3) and a minimal
diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a maximum volume of 100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any
direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT K240094

510(k) Summary

 

Contact Information

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Company name: Augmedit B.V.

Company owner: Mrs. Claartje Ypma

Function: CEO

Address: Galerij 15, 1411 LH Naarden, The Netherlands
Telephone: +31 617 1010 94

Name of contact person: Mr. Bryan Bhoelai

Function: Neer Affairs & Quality Assurance
Email: bryan@augmedit.com

Summary date: September 10, 2024

 

Page 1 of 10

 

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT

Contents

1. Subject Device Names.

 

Predicate Device Information

 

Description of the Device...

 

Indications for Use...

 

aoPRwn

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Summary.
5.1 Substantial equivalence comparison table
5.2 Similarities between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device...
5.3 Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device...
6 Summary of Performance Testing...

7 Validation of Machine Learning Algorithm:
8 Application of Standards.

 

 

Page 2 of 10

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT

1 Subject Device Names
Name of device: LumiNE US
Trade name: LumiNE US, Lumi

2 Predicate Device Information
Trade or proprietary or model name: VSI Holomedicine
Original Applicant: ApoQlar GmbH

510(k) Number: K213215

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

3 Description of the Device

LumiNE US is a software device for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy and
pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D patient
imaging into 3D models and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented Reality.
When accessing the LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor, images
viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use. Applicable pathology includes
scans with known intracranial lesions that are diagnosed as Glioblastoma, Meningioma, or Metastasis by a
neurosurgeon or neuroradiologist.

4 Indications for Use

The LumiNE US software is intended for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy
and pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D
patient imaging into 3D models, and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented
Reality. When accessing the LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor,
images viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use.

The LumiNE US software is intended for use by a (neuro)surgeon, (neuro)surgical resident or a medical
professional that is qualified by a hospital to prepare medical imaging for surgeons. For the conversion of
medical imaging into 3D models, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and/or Computed Tomography (CT)
imaging of adult patients are required. The LumiNE US software is intended to be used for visualization in
preparation of surgery, and not for diagnostic use. Therefore, segmentation and visualization of tumors or
any other pathology can only be used for previously known and pre-diagnosed conditions.

LumiNE US can only be used for contrast-enhanced T1 MR scans (semi-automatic segmentation of known
tumor, skin, brain, and ventricles), or for CT scans (threshold-based segmentation).

The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function can only be used in case of a single intracranial
contrast enhancing tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a minimal volume of
2.0 cc (0.1 in?) and a minimal diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a maximum volume of
100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).

5 Substantial Equivalence Comparison Summary

5.1 Substantial equivalence comparison table

The following table provides a comparison of the subject device’s characteristics and functionality with
respect to the identified predicate device.

Page 3 of 10

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
»y

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AUGMEDIT
Device Subject device Predicate device Comparison analysis
characteristics
Device name LumiNE US: VSI Holomedicine N/A
510(k) number K240094 K213215 N/A
Manufacturer Augmedit B.V. apoQlar GmbH N/A
Medical specialty Radiology Radiology Identical
CFR Reference 21 CFR 892.2050 21 CFR 892.2050 Identical
Device classification Medical Image management | Medical Image management Identical

name

and Processing System

and Processing System

 

Common name

Automated Radiological
Image Processing Software

Radiological Image Processing
System

Substantially equivalent,
the subject device has a
more specific common
name because of the
presence of nonadaptive
machine learning
algorithms.

 

Product code

QIH

LLZ

Substantially equivalent,
the subject device has a
more specific product code
because of the presence of
nonadaptive machine
learning algorithms.

 

Intended use/
Indications for use

 

 

The LumiNE US software is
intended for the
visualization of medical
images to provide insights in
anatomy and pathology in
preparation of surgical
treatment. As such, the
software allows for the
conversion of 2D patient
imaging into 3D models, and
for the visualization of 2D
and 3D patient imaging
including Augmented Reality.
When accessing the LumiNE
US software from a wireless
head-mounted display (HMD)
or PC monitor, images
viewed are for informational
purposes only and not
Intended for diagnostic use.
The LumiNE US software is
intended for use by a
(neuro)surgeon,
(neuro)surgical resident or a
medical professional that is
qualified by a hospital to
prepare medical imaging for
surgeons. For the conversion
of medical imaging into 3D
models, Magnetic Resonance
Imaging (MRI) and/or
Computed Tomography (CT)
imaging of adult patients are
required. The LumiNE US
software is intended to be
used for visualization in
preparation of surgery, and
not for diagnostic use.
Therefore, segmentation and
visualization of pathology
can only be used for
previously known and pre-
diagnosed conditions.
LumiNE US can only be used
for contrast-enhanced T1 MR
scans (semi-automatic
segmentation of known

 

VSI HoloMedicine® is a
software device for displaying
digital medical images
acquired from CT, Angio CT,
MRI, CBCT, PET, and SPECT
sources. It is intended to
visualize 3D imaging
holograms of the patient for
pre-operative planning outside
and/or inside the surgical
room.

When accessing VSI
HoloMedicine® trom a wireless
head-mounted display (HMD)
or PC monitor, images viewed
are for informational purposes
only and not intended for
diagnostic use. VSI
HoloMedicine® is indicated for
use by qualified healthcare
professionals including
surgeons, radiologists,
physicians, and technologists.

 

Substantially equivalent

 

Page 4 of 10

 

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
»y

AUGMEDIT

 

Device
characteristics

Subject device

Predicate device

Comparison analysis

 

‘tumor, skin, brain, and
ventricles), or for CT scans
(threshold-based
segmentation).

The LumiNE US MRI T1
tumor segmentation
function can only be used in
case of a single intracranial
contrast enhancing tumor,
diagnosed by a
neuroradiologist or a
neurosurgeon, with a
minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1
in?) and a minimal diameter
in any direction of 15 mm
(0.6 inch), and a maximum
volume of 100cc (6.1 in3)
and a maximal diameter in
any direction of 75 mm (3.0
inch).

 

Prescription use

Yes

Yes

Identical

 

Patient population

The device specifically
focuses on visualization of
medical images and
preparation of surgical
treatment, for patients at
the age of 22 or older

The device is a software
which allows for viewing of
DICOM data. Therefore, its
intended use is without any
restrictions regarding patient
population

Different, but no impact on
safety and effectiveness.

 

Main system
components

e — Cloud based storage of
patient data (including
anonymizer) and viewer

¢ — Microsoft HoloLens 2

¢ — Browser based
(universal) mobile device

e — Cloud based storage for
patient data

¢ — Microsoft HoloLens 2

e — Streaming hardware hub
to connect image
modalities directly to

ubstantially equivalent

 

 

viewer Microsoft HoloLens 2
* — Anonymizer (for video's)
°)~6MRI ° CT ubstantially equivalent,
. ct * angio CT ‘the subject device uses MRI
Imaging modality 9 and CT imaging data, while
e MRI the predicate device allows
© =CBCT to use a broader range of
© =PETCT imaging modalities. Thus,
® SPECT CT the predicate device allows
‘to view more data types in
the HoloLens.
e  DICOM e  DICOM pubstantially equivalent,
. . oth the subject device as
Data Type Supported | * 30 formats: STL GLTF * 3D formats: OBJ, STL well as the predicate device
e PDF e PDF support pieoM imaging as
. . well as 3D format types.
JPEG JPEG The predicate device
e PNG e¢ PNG additionally supports data
© MP4 types which allow video

streaming.

 

 

 

¢ 3D view in web browser

 

e — General manipulation in
HoloLens (grab, move,

 

Substantially equivalent:

 

Page 5 of 10

 

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
»

AUGMEDIT

 

Device
characteristics

Subject device

Predicate device

Comparison analysis

 

Image
view/manipulation

e — Fusion of 3D objects
with source image data
(web browser and
Microsoft HoloLens 2)

e — General manipulation in
HoloLens (grab, move,
zoom, hide, change color
etc.)

e — Surgical preparation
tools which allow

zoom, hide, change color
etc.)

e Surgical Preparation Tools
(draw, measure, etc).

e — Sharing (remote, but not
co-located).

e Both the predicate
device and Lumi enable
marking on 3D models
in HMD for planning
purposes.

e — Lumi allows for saving
revisions on 3D models
(both web and
Microsoft HoloLens 2)

¢ — Lumi allows validation

 

Communication
between headset and

markings on 3D models of 3D models.
in Microsoft HoloLens 2
* — Sharing (remote and co-
located)
e Web browser (computer) | » Web browser (computer) _ | Substantially equivalent,

and Microsoft HoloLens
2 connect to cloud
environment.

and Microsoft HoloLens 2
connect to cloud
environment.

VSI uses additional
hardware to connect to
image acquisition systems.

 

computer Communication for both
the subject as well as the
¢ Wireless encrypted ¢ Wireless encrypted predicate device is wireless,
connection with connection with Microsoft | and data encrypted.
Microsoft HoloLens 2. HoloLens 2. Hardware to
stream data from image
acquisition system directly
to Microsoft HoloLens 2.
Yes, for CT, MRI This viewing feature enables ubstantially equivalent for
MPR viewing the display of CT, MRI, CBCT, CT and MRI.

Angio CT, PET CT and SPECT CT
images into axial, coronal and
sagittal orientations

 

3D Volume rendered
viewing

e 3D volume rendering in
web browser.

e Option to create manual
segmentation to
visualize results in
Microsoft HoloLens 2.

3D perspective views of CT,
MRI, CBCT, Angio CT, PET CT
and SPECT CT images sets that
have been transformed into
volumes. It also provides
presets to enable users to alter
the visualization parameters
of the 3D views to highlight
features.

Different, but no impact on
safety and effectiveness.
Both the subject as well as
predicate device present 2D
Imaging information in 3D,
however, the predicate
device does not include
image segmentation
functionality.

 

Surgical planning

Creating and saving of 3D
models and marks thereon
on HMD for planning
purposes.

aving and loading
configurations of medical
images, marks, and 3D models

on HMD.
Ability to save and load
combinations and
arrangement of objects
displayed in the 3D space on
HoloLens for planning
urposes.
ossibility to create
annotation like drawings.

ubstantially equivalent

 

 

Transmission modes

 

Web browser (computer) and
Microsoft HoloLens 2 connect
via wireless encrypted

 

Web browser (computer) and
Microsoft HoloLens 2 connect
via wireless encrypted

 

ubstantially equivalent

 

Page 6 of 10

 

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
»y

AUGMEDIT

 

Device
characteristics

Subject device

Predicate device

Comparison analysis

 

connection to cloud
environment.

connection to cloud
environment.

 

 

Verification and
validation

 

Software verification and
validation was performed
and demonstrates that the
LumiNE US software
performs as intended in the
specified use conditions.
Documentation is provided
as recommended by FDA's
Guidance for Industry and
FDA Staff ‘Content of
Premarket Submissions for
Device Software Functions’.
In addition, non-clinical
testing was performed to
evaluate the performance of
the semi-automated
segmentation algorithm
against manual
segmentation data.
Visual quality testing on
software using the Microsoft
HoloLens 2 Head-Mounted
Display has been performed.
Non-clinical and clinical data
demonstrate that the
LumiNE US software is as
safe, as effective, and
erforms as well as the
legally marketed device
predicate.

 

Visual quality testing on
software using the Microsoft
HoloLens Headset has been
performed.

Non-clinical and clinical data
demonstrate that VSI
Holomedicine is as safe, as
effective, and performs as well
as the legally marketed device
predicate. Software
verification and validation
demonstrate that the VSI
Holomedicine should perform
as intended in the specified
use conditions.

 

Substantially equivalent

 

Page 7 of 10

 

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT

5.2 Similarities between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device

Both the subject device and the predicate device share the same indications for use. Both devices are
intended for the visualization of medical images in preoperative planning. They enable the conversion of 2D
imaging information into 3D and virtually visualize the 3D models, and as such provide additional insights
into anatomy and pathology. Both devices are intended for visualization purposes only and are not intended
for diagnostic use.

Thus, both the subject and predicate device include surgical planning tools which allow for the preparation
of surgical treatment.

The subject device as well as the predicate device make use of a secure cloud environment to store original
image data and visualization settings. In addition, for both devices, the cloud platform connects with
Microsoft HoloLens 2 which allows visualization of 3D virtual images.

5.3. Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device

The subject device is different from the predicate device, in that the predicate device allows the use of a
broader range of imaging modalities, has no restrictions regarding patient population and supports video
streaming in addition to DICOM and 3D format type data. These differences do not impact the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device.

The subject device uses a different method for visualization of 2D images in 3D: where the predicate device
uses volume rendering, the subject device allows image segmentation. This difference does not impact the
safety and effectiveness of the subject device compared to the predicate. Reference is made to performance
testing provided in the Performance section of this submission where results of the semi-automatic image
segmentation algorithm are compared to manual segmentation data, created and reviewed by an expert
panel of clinical specialists.

6 Summary of Performance Testing

Aside from the verification testing conducted as part of the software life cycle development process,
additional performance testing was performed on key elements of our software to demonstrate that the
device is safe and effective. A total of 9 nonclinical tests were performed as part of this submission. This
section provides a summary of the tests.

1. The performance of the semi-automatic segmentation function (T1cSF) was tested on a
representative dataset, including data from the U.S. and outside the U.S. Analysis showed
clinically acceptable accuracy for both the total test set and the U.S. subset (a more detailed
summary is provided in Paragraph 8 of this 510(k) Summary).

2. The manual segmentation function was compared to 3D models generated using a third party
software program. A high similarity was found between the systems.
3. In accordance with the IEC standards (1EC63145-20-20 and 63145-20-10) on contrast, optical

distortion, luminance and spatial resolution, the visual quality of the head mounted display was
tested to ensure that the device provides users with authentic and reliable virtual images.

4 DICOM visualization tests were performed to evaluate the features related to the manipulation
of scans in the software.

5. The latency of the Multiplayer feature was tested to ensure it stays within acceptable limits,
providing users with reliable and timely updates when using this function.

6. Multiple DICOM variants and scanners were tested to identify which DICOM variations are
supported by the LumiNE US software, and which are not.

7. Testing that the dimensions of 3D virtual images, displayed using the Microsoft HoloLens 2 head
mounted display, correspond with their real-world counterparts.

8. Testing the ability of the head mounted display to render colors accurately.

9. Testing the usability of the software by means of performing a Moderated Task Analysis (MTA).

10. Testing the STL import functionality to demonstrate users can safely upload and associate 3D

models .in STL format to the exact same scan from which they were created

7 Validation of Machine Learning Algorithms

This section provides a summary of the validation of machine learned algorithms used in our submission as
requested by FDA during review of the 510(k). The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function (T1cSF)

Page 8 of 10

--- Page 12 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT

transforms contrast enhanced T1-weighted MR images (MRI-T1) of the head into 3D models of the skin, brain,
tumor and ventricles, and therefore contains 4 algorithms.

The algorithms were originally trained using machine learning (nnUnet). To validate the T1cSF for application
in the U.S., and incorporation in the Augmedit LumiNE US software, a specific independent U.S. test dataset
of MRI-T1 scans was created with each scan belonging to a unique patient. This set was not used for training
of the T1cSF algorithms. The inclusion criteria for this dataset were:

Patient age of minimally 22 years

T1 weighted, contrast-enhanced MRI scan

Scan of the cranium from vertex to minimally foramen magnum level and maximally C2 level
Scan with more than 100 slices

Scan with maximum slice thickness of 2 mm

Scan with maximum slice interval of 2mm.

Scan contains minimally 1 and maximum 4 intracranial lesions which are diagnosed as
Glioblastoma, Meningioma, or Metastasis by a neurosurgeon or neuroradiologist with a minimal
volume of 0.5 cc (0.06 in3), and a minimal diameter in any direction 0.5 cm (0.20 inch)

NOU PWN

The selected U.S. data were collected from institutions covering a wide range of regions across the U.S., from
the West Coast to the East Coast and the Southern region. The U.S. data includes a diverse set of patients
from different regions and ethnic backgrounds. When compared to the U.S. Census Bureau 2023 data, the
demographic distribution of the test set reflected the U.S. general population. Each U.S. center contributed
to the ethnic diversity of the dataset.

The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and the 95% Hausdorff Distance (95% HD) were chosen as evaluation
metrics because the DSC and the 95% HD are among the most commonly used metrics for evaluating the
quality of medical image segmentation algorithms. The Dice score measures the overlap between the
predicted segmentation and the ground truth, providing a straightforward way to assess segmentation
accuracy. The 95% HD, on the other hand, measures the distance between the boundaries of the predicted
and actual segmentations, focusing on the worst-case errors while mitigating the impact of outliers.

First the required sample size for the U.S. test was determined for each structure (skin, brain, tumor and
ventricle). Using the DSC, the required number of scans was calculated to establish non-inferiority compared
to the European dataset (publicly available (https://doi.org/10.1007/s00701-024-05973-8). Thereby also
minimally acceptable criteria per metric per structure were determined. Thereby the following acceptance
criteria were chosen:

1. DSC: For tumor segmentation, a DSC above 0.80 was considered acceptable. For skin and brain,
a DSC above 0.90 was considered acceptable. For ventricles a DSC above 0.85 was considered
acceptable.

2. 95% HD: For brain, skin and ventricle segmentation a 95% HD of below 10 mm was considered
as acceptable. For tumor, a 95%HD of 15 mm or below was considered as acceptable.

The U.S data was individually truthed by 3 U.S. based neurosurgeons with relevant experience including
fellowships. The definitive US ground truth test set was established by mutual agreement after internal
discussion and signed off per scan per truther.

Results were analyzed using the median dependent on data distribution in the subgroup. For each structure,
all results were statistically non-inferior compared to the European test set data. Thereby all DSC and 95%
HD results were shown to be within preset limits:

1. DSC: median values including 95% Cl were above the acceptance criterium in all structures; For brain, the
95% Cl of the median Dice (0.96, 95% Cl 0.95-0.97) was totally above the established criterium (Dice 0.9). For
skin, the 95% Cl of the median Dice (0.99, 95% CI 0.99-0.1) was totally above the established criterium (Dice
0.9). For tumor, the 95% Cl of the median Dice (0.93, 95% CI 0.92-0.94) was totally above the established
criterium (Dice 0.8). For ventricles, the 95% Cl of the median Dice (0.89, 95% CI 0.85-0.91) was totally above
the established criterium (Dice 0.85).

2. 95% HD: median values including 95% Cl were below the acceptance criterium in all structures. For brain,
the 95% Cl of the median 95% HD (5.88, 95% Cl 4.75-8.39) was totally below the established criterium (10
mm). For skin, the 95% Cl of the median 95% HD (3.36, 95% CI 0.99- 5.51) was totally below the established
criterium (10 mm). For tumor, the 95% Cl of the median 95% HD (2.85, 95% CI 1.82- 4.12) was totally below
the established criterium (15 mm) and also below 10 mm. For ventricles, the 95% CI of the median 95% HD
(1.93, 95% Cl 1.70-2.92) was totally below the established criterium (10 mm).

Page 9 of 10

--- Page 13 (OCR) ---
»
AUGMEDIT

An analysis was performed to compare an EU sample to the US sample, and this demonstrated non-inferiority
for DSC and HD95 across the four applicable segmented structures.

We subsequently performed a more detailed subgroup analysis of the general T1cSF segmentation
performance in all 4 categories (brain, skin, tumor, ventricles) according to gender, race/ethnicity, tumor.
type, scanner model, magnetic field strength, scan quality and institution. This did not show any influence to
T1cSF segmentation quality in this U.S. test set.

We subsequently performed a more detailed subgroup analysis of the T1icSF tumor segmentation
performance according to Size/Volume, Number of lesions and Location.

1. Size/Volume: We observed that the subgroups with ‘Tumor Volume = 0-2cc' and ‘Biggest Lesion’s Max
Diameter = 0-15mm' showed DSC and/or 95% HD results below the acceptance criteria. These
subgroups also contained many of the outliers. We thereby found insufficient data for tumors larger
than 100cc or with a max diameter exceeding 75mm.

2. Number of Lesions: We also observed a lack of sufficient data to validate the performance of scans
with multiple lesions.

3. Location: We observed an equally distributed performance across regions and side.

Based on the results above, the LumiNE US T1cSF can thereby be used for tumor segmentation only in case
of a single intracranial contrast enhancing tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a
minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1 in?) and a minimal diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a
maximum volume of 100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).

8 Application of Standards

The following standards are applicable to the LumiNE US software:

e EN ISO 13485:2016/A11:2021 Medical devices - Quality management systems

e 1S0 14971:2019 Medical devices - Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices (Recognition
number: 5-125)

e EN 62304:2006+A1:2015 Medical Device software- Software Life-Cycle Processes (Recognition
number: 13-79)

LumiNE US software passed all testing. Details and reports are included in Section Software/Firmware and
Cybersecurity and Interoperability and Section Performance Testing. The testing performed demonstrates
that the subject device, LumiNE US software, meets all requirements. It meets the requirements of
international and US standards for safety and performance.

The Declarations of Conformity to the above listed standards are provided in the Administrative Section of
this submission.

There is no additional Electrical safety information applicable for this submission.
Finally, the following FDA guidance Documents were used during preparation of this 510(k) submission:

- Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions, Guidance for Industry and Food
and Drug Administration Staff; June 2023

- Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions, Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff; September 27, 2023

Page 10 of 10
