 

 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k} Number (if known)
K233826
Device Name
Kosmos

 

Indications for Use (Describe)
Kosmos is intended to be used by qualified and trained healthcare professionals in the clinical assessment for the

following clinical applications by acquiring, processing, displaying, measuring, and storing ultrasound images, or
synchronized ultrasound images, electrocardiogram (ECG) rhythms, and digital auscultation (DA) sounds and waveforms.

With respect to its ultrasound imaging capability, Kosmos is a general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound system used in the
following clinical applications and modes of operation:

Clinical Applications: Cardiac, Thoracic/Lung, Abdominal, Vascular/Peripheral Vascular, Musculoskeletal, and
interventional guidance (includes free hand needle / catheter placement fluid drainage, and nerve block)

Modes of Operation: B-mode, M-mode, Color Doppler, Pulsed Wave (PW) Doppler, Continuous Wave (CW) Doppler,
Combined Modes of B+M, and B+CD, B+PW, B+CW, and Harmonic Imaging

Kosmos is intended to be used in clinical care and medical education settings on adult and pediatric patient populations.
Kosmos includes the Al-assisted automated ejection fraction software, known as Auto EF, which is used to process
previously acquired transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, to store images, and to manipulate and make measurements
on images using the Kosmos. Auto EF provides automated estimation of left ventricular ejection fraction. This
measurement can be used to assist the clinician in a cardiac evaluation. Auto EF is indicated for use on adult patients only
in healthcare facilities.

The Kosmos includes the Auto Anatomical Structure Labeling and View Identification, also referred to as AI FAST,
software, which is intended for use only by qualified and trained medical professionals for automatic real-time detection
and labeling of anatomical structures during image acquisition during cardiac, thoracic/lung, or abdominal ultrasound
imaging. This feature is only indicated for use on adult patients in healthcare facilities.

The device is non-invasive, reusable, and intended to be used on one patient at a time.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

1X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 804 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

 

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Pubiohing Sentees (301) 48.6709 EF
