 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K251406
Device Name

BriefCase-Triage

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of CT
chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) in adults or transitional adolescents
aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in
workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of Aortic Dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on
a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/ prioritization.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
K251406

aidoc

510(k) Summary
Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s Briefcase-Triage

Submitter:

Aidoc Medical, Ltd.

3 Aminadav St.
Tel-Aviv, Israel
Phone: +972-73-7946870
Contact Person: Amalia Schreier, LL.M
Date Prepared: May 28, 2025
Name of Device: Briefcase-Triage
Classification Name: Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
device (21 CFR 892.2080)
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: QAS

Primary Predicate Device: Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329)

Reference Device: BriefCase-Triage for RibFx (K243548)

Device Description

Briefcase-Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.
The software is based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended to run on a
linux-based server in a cloud environment.

The Briefcase-Triage receives filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically by
running the algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. Following the Al processing, the
output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review software (desktop application).
When a suspected case is detected, the user receives a pop-up notification and is presented with a
compressed, low-quality, grayscale image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use, for prioritization
only” which is displayed as a preview function. This preview is meant for informational purposes only,
does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for primary diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates efficient triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.
The algorithm was trained during software development on images of the pathology. As is customary
in the field of machine learning, deep learning algorithm development consisted of training on
labeled (“tagged”) images. In that process, each image in the training dataset was tagged based on
the presence of the critical finding.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams with contrast (CTA and CT with
contrast) in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspected positive findings of Aortic Dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/ prioritization.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject Briefcase-Triage for AD and the algorithm analysis module for the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329) are identical in most aspects and differ mostly with respect to
changes in algorithm training process and their algorithm performance.

Both the primary predicate and subject devices are radiological computer-aided triage and
notification software programs. Both devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms
incorporated in software components for use with DICOM compliant CT scanners, PACS, and
radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the
same design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to
provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated, compressed, low-quality, and grayscale
preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate Briefcase-Triage devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate triage of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that,
like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor de-prioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and the primary predicate devices is provided
below.

Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

 

Subject Device

Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD

Predicate Device

Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD
(K222329)

 

Intended
Use /
Indication
s for Use

 

 

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological
computer aided triage and notification
software indicated for use in the analysis
of CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen
with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast)
in adults or transitional adolescents aged
18 and older. The device is intended to
assist hospital networks and appropriately
trained medical specialists in workflow
triage by flagging and communication of
suspected positive findings of Aortic
Dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial
intelligence algorithm to analyze images
and highlight cases with detected findings
on a standalone desktop application in
parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for cases with
suspected findings. Notifications
include compressed preview images that
are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not
alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic
device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are
intended to be used in conjunction with
other patient information and based on
their professional judgment, to assist with
triage/ prioritization.

 

BriefCase is a radiological computer
aided triage and notification software
indicated for use in the analysis of CT
exams with contrast (CTA and CT with
contrast) that include the chest in adults
or transitional adolescents aged 18 and

older. Thedevice is intended to
assist hospital networks and
appropriately trained medical

specialists in workflow triage by flagging
and communication of suspected
positive findings of Aortic Dissection
(AD) pathology.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
algorithm to analyze images and
highlight cases with detected findings
on a standalone desktop application in
parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for cases
with suspected findings. Notifications
include compressed preview images
that are meant for informational
purposes only and not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The
device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to
be used in conjunction with other
patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with
triage/ prioritization.

 

 
 

Subject Device
Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD

Predicate Device
Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(K222329)
User Hospital networks and appropriately Hospital networks and appropriately
populatio | trained medical specialists trained medical specialists
n
Anatomic Chest, abdomen and thoraco-abdominal Chest, abdomen and
al region thoraco-abdominal
of interest
Data CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen | CT exams with contrast (CTA and CT
acquisitio | &xams with contrast (CTA and CT with | with contrast) that include the chest
n protocol contrast)
Notificatio | Yes Yes
n-only
(/notificati
on alerts),
parallel
workflow
tool
Images DICOM DICOM
format
Interferen | No. No cases are removed from No. No cases are removed from
ce with desktop app or deprioritized desktop app or deprioritized
standard

workflow

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subject Device Predicate Device
Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD
(K222329)
Inclusion/ | Wclusion Criteria Inclusion Criteria
. e Scans performed on e Scans performed on
Exclusion adults/transitional adolescents 2 adults/transitional adolescents =
criteria for
18 years of age. 18 years of age.
clinical e CT chest, abdomen, or e CT exams with contrast (CTA
performa chest/abdomen exams — with and CT with contrast) that
nee contrast (CTA and CT with include the chest
testing contrast) e Slice thickness 0.5 mm - 5.0
e Slice thickness 0.5 mm - 5.0 mm mm
Exclusion Criteria Exclusion Criteria
e All studies that have an e All studies that are technically
inadequate field of view inadequate, such as severe
metal artifacts, or inadequate
field of view.
Additional | 4 Additional Operating Points 2 Additional Operating Points
Operating
Points
Algorithm | Artificial intelligence algorithm with Artificial intelligence algorithm with
database of images. database of images.
Structure | - Integrated with image routing module via | - AHS module ( image acquisition);
image communication platform (ICP) - ACS module (image processing);
(image acquisition).
. . . -  Aidoc Desktop Application for
~ Algorithm module (image processing) workflow integration (Feed/Worklist
- Integrated with desktop application for (alternate names) and
workflow integration (feed and non-diagnostic Image Viewer).
non-diagnostic Image Viewer).

 

 

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the Briefcase-Triage software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams
with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) in 509 cases from 5 US-based clinical sites. The study
compared the software’s performance to the ground truth, as determined by three senior
board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time or
center from the cases used to train the algorithm, as was used for the most recent clearance
(K222329). Test pivotal study data was sequestered from algorithm development activities, and use
of the data is managed by appropriate Quality Management System procedures.

Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
endpoints were Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity was 92.7% (95% Cl: 88.2%, 95.8%) and Specificity was 92.8% (95% Cl: 89.2%, 95.4%).
Because the lower bound of each 95% Cl exceeded 80%, the study’s primary endpoints were
achieved.

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the Briefcase-Triage software, when
integrated with a compatible image communication platform, was compared to the equivalent metric
of the predicate devices. The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification includes the time to get the
DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive
suspect case back to the desktop application.

The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the Briefcase-Triage device) and is given in Table 2 below.
The Table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate Briefcase-Triage AD.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject Briefcase-Triage device show comparability
with the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The
Briefcase-Triage mean time-to-notification for the subject AD triage was 10.7 seconds (95% Cl:
10.5-10.9) . The time-to-notification for the predicate AD was 38.0 seconds (95% Cl: 35.5-40.4).

Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for Briefcase-Triage devices (Seconds)
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

|Time -to-notification| Mean N 95% Lowerj95% Upper) Median
Estimate cL cL
(seconds)
38.0 499 35.5 40.4 31.1
Predicate K222329
Processing Time
Briefcase-Triage +
Image
Communication 10.7 212 10.5 10.9 10.4
Platform
Time-To-Notification

 

NPV was 99.8% (95% Cl: 99.7%- 99.9%) and PPV was 24.7% (95% Cl: 18.0%- 33.0%).
PLR was 12.8 (95% Cl: 8.5- 19.2) and NLR was 0.08 (95% Cl: 0.05- 0.13).

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
Briefcase-Triage for AD the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the predicate

Briefcase-Triage for AD.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for AD was 60.1
years, with a standard deviation of 17.3 years. Gender distribution was 50.9% male, and 49.1%

female (Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

 

Mean Std

Min

Median

Max

 

Age

 

 

(Years) 60.1 17.3

 

 

18

62

 

 

90

 

212

 

 

 
Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender

 

Gender

 

Ground
Truth Female Male All
Results

 

N % N % N %

 

Positive 73 | 14.3% | 132 | 25.9% | 205 | 40.3%

 

Negative 177 | 34.8% | 127 | 25.0% | 304 | 59.7%

 

All 250 | 49.1% | 259 | 50.9% | 509 | 100.0%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer

 

 

 

 

 

 

Manufacturer N %
Philips 112 | 22%
SIEMENS 174 | 34.2%
TOSHIBA 82 | 16.1%
Total 509 | 100%

 

 

 

 

 

Clinical Subgroups and Confounders:

Pathologies present in negative cases: Inflammatory; Oncology; Trauma; Heart & vascular; Chronic
diseases; None of the above and Fully negative.

Additional Operating Points:

In addition to the default operating point that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and
specificity, four additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity
while maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity
respectively:

Table 6. Additional Operating Points

 

 

 

 

 

Operating Points Sensitivity % (95% Cl) Specificity % (95% Cl)
AOP1 95.6% (95% Cl: 91.8%-98.0%) | 88.2% (95% Cl: 84.0%-91.6%)
AOP2 94.1% (95% Cl: 90.0%-96.9%) | 89.8% (95% Cl: 85.8%-93.0%)
AOP3. 89.3% (95% Cl: 84.2%-93.2%) | 94.7% (95% Cl: 91.6%-97.0%)
AOP4 86.3% (95% Cl: 80.9%-90.7%) | 97.7% (95% Cl: 95.3%-99.1%)

 

 

 

 

 

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and four additional operating points.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject Briefcase-Triage of preemptive triage in the range of
several minutes.

Conclusions

The subject Briefcase-Triage for AD and the predicate Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329) are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected
positive findings of incidental pulmonary embolism pathologies. Both devices are software
components consisting of deep learning Al algorithms that process images and produce analysis
results, which are displayed to the user by a prioritization alert and a compressed, low-quality,
grayscale, unannotated preview image. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices
are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the
original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images
from the standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard
interpretation of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within
the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow
turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject Briefcase-Triage device for AD is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329).
