DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

Food and Drug Administration

 

 

Submission Number (if known)
K243378
Device Name

Rapid MLS

 

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Rapid MLS software device is designed to measure the midline shift of the brain from a NCCT
acquisition and report the measurements. Rapid MLS analyzes adult cases using machine learning
algorithms to identify locations and measurements of the expected brain midline and any shift which
may have occurred. The Rapid MLS device provides the user with annotated images showing
measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-
making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of NCCT cases.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

 

 

X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
K243378 Summary

K243378 Summary
iSchemaview, Inc.’s Rapid MLS

This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaview Rapid MLS device
(K243378). The content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section
807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:

Name: iSchemaview, Inc.

Address: 1120 Washington St., Suite 200
Golden, CO 80401

Official Contact: Jim Rosa
Phone: (303) 704-3374
Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date: May 26, 2025
Device Name and Classification:
Trade Name: Rapid MLS
Common Name: Medical image management and processing system
Classification: I
Product Code: Primary: QIH
Regulation No: 21 C.F.R. §892.2050
Classification Radiology Devices
Panel:

Predicate Devices:

The iSchemaview Rapid MLS Analysis Module is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the
legally marketed predicate, iSchemaview Rapid RV/LV (K223396).

Device Description:

Rapid MLS software device is a radiological computer-assisted image processing software device
using AI/ML. The Rapid MLS device is a non-contrast CT (NCCT) processing module which
operates within the integrated Rapid Platform to provide a measurement of the brain midline. The
Rapid MLS software analyzes input NCCT images that are provided in DICOM format and
provides both a visual output containing a color overlay image displaying the difference between
the expected and indicated brain midline at the Foramen of Monro; and a text file output (json
format) containing the quantitative measurement.

Indic:

 

‘ions for Use:

The Rapid MLS software device is designed to measure the midline shift of the brain from a
NCCT acquisition and report the measurements. Rapid MLS analyzes adult cases using machine
learning algorithms to identify locations and measurements of the expected brain midline and

Page | of 4
K243378 Summary

any shift which may have occurred. The Rapid MLS device provides the user with annotated
images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for
clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of NCCT cases.

Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence:

 

Rapid MLS does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the
previously cleared Rapid RV/LV Software (K223396). There are minor differences in
intended use and technical characteristics with the predicate device; however, with the
minor changes the clinical use for Rapid MLS device is the same with no additional risks.
Thus, the Rapid MLS software device is substantially equivalent.

The following table summarizes and compares data on the predicate device (K223396) to
the Rapid MLS software device that is the subject of this Traditional 510(k) submission.

Parameter Rapid RV/LV (K223396) Rapid MLS — (K243378)
Predicate Device
Product Code
21 CFR §892.2050 21 CFR §892.2050

Intended Use/
Indications for
Use

Input Data

The Rapid RV/LV software device
is designed to measure the maximal
diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart from a
volumetric CTPA acquisition and
report the ratio of those
measurements. Rapid RV/LV
analyzes cases using machine
learning algorithms to identify
locations and measurements of the
ventricles. The Rapid RV/LV
device provides the user with
annotated images showing
ventricular measurements. Its
results are not intended to be used
on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise
preclude clinical assessment of
CTPA cases.

Non-gated, CT Pulmonary

The Rapid MLS software device is
designed to measure the midline
shift of the brain from a NCCT
acquisition and report the
measurements. Rapid MLS analyzes|
cases using machine learning
algorithms to identify locations and
measurements of the expected brain
midline and any shift which may
have occurred. The Rapid MLS
device provides the user with
annotated images showing
measurements. Its results are not
intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making or]
otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of NCCT cases.

Non-Contrast CT images

Requirements

Outputs Reports, DICOM Secondary Reports, DICOM Secondary
Capture Series Capture Series

Angiography images

 

Page 2 of 4
K243378 Summary

AI/ML Module Development:

Algorithm development was performed using 162 cases from multiple sites; training
included 24 cases for validation and 138 for training. Cases selected covered 0-18.6 mm
offsets from expected midline. Cases were from GE, Toshiba, Siemens, Philips, and PNMS.

Clinical Characteristics:

The primary users of Rapid MLS software are medical professionals who use midline shift

as a clinical metric to determine extent of affect of indications including intracranial hemorrhage,

tumor, and TBI.

Performance Standards:

Rapid PE has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
EN ISO 14971:2019 (R2021) Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices

TEC 62304:2006 (R2015) Medical device software — Software lifecycle processes

TEC 62366:2015 (R2020) Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices

NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)

UL 2900-1 (2017) Standard for Safety for Cybersecurity Network-Connected Products

Performance Data:

Rapid MLS complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) -
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20; and was tested in accordance with the 820.20 Verification
and Validation requirements and successfully passed.

iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the Rapid MLS device. Final device validation included standalone
performance validation. This performance validation testing demonstrated the Rapid MLS
device provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically
relevant conditions associated with the intended use of the software. Software performance,
validation and verification testing demonstrated that the Rapid MLS device met all design
requirements and specifications.

Final performance validation included 153 NCCT cases with ground truth established by 3
experts. The primary endpoint analysis demonstrated the mean absolute error (MAE), based
on validation data, of Rapid MLS is non-inferior to the MAE of experts. The Rapid MAE is
0.7 mm, and the experts average pairwise MAE is 1.0 mm. A Passing-Bablok fit to
compare Rapid MLS to the reference MLS provided intercept = 0.12 (0, 0.2) and slope =
0.95 (0.9, 1.0) supporting the methods (Rapid vs Experts) are comparable. The difference
plot shows no bias (paired t-test p-value = 0.1800. The cases were split Male: 44%, Female
56% with an age range or 26-93 years. The samples were mixed from GE, Philips, Toshiba
and Siemens scanners.

Validation data was sourced and blinded independent of the development cases through the
data management team to ensure generalizability of the device. Thirteen (13) sites (2 OUS,
11 US); demographic split for age and gender, and four (4) manufacturers were used to test
for broad demographic representation and avoidance of overlap bias with development.

Page 3 of 4
K243378 Summary

Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
Substantial Equivalence:

Rapid MLS has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid MLS performance has been validated with case data.

Conclusion:

In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid MLS software device is substantially equivalent in
intended use, technological characteristics, safety and performance characteristics to the legally
marketed predicate device, Rapid RV/LV Software (K223396).

Page 4 of 4
