
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K241280

Device Name

Constellation (CON-001)

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

Constellation is intended for non-invasive labeling and calculation of quantitative measurements for
anatomical regions. Constellation utilizes DICOM MR images gathered on a GE MR450W that
encompass the whole-body. It is intended to be used for healthy adult patients. Clinicians may use
Constellation as a clinical decision support tool, but it is not to be used in triage events, emergency
medicine, or critical care. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent
diagnosis based on their standard practices.

 

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
oO bio

Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road
San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

510(k) Summary

(Information provided in conformance with 21 CFR 807.92)

510(k) Submitter:

Contact Person:

Additional
Correspondents:

Date Summary
Prepared

Trade Name:

Common Name:

Classification:

Regulation
Number:

Product Code:

Review Panel:

Predicate Devices:

Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road
San Carlos, CA 94070 USA.

M. Jason Brooke, MSE, JD, CSQE
Brooke & Associates

Email: jbrooke@devicecounsel.com
Phone: +1 202-258-1422

Clarissa Shen

Chief Operating Officer

Email: clarissa.shen@q.bio

Phone: +1 415-967-7622

April 26, 2024

Constellation

Automated radiological image processing software

Class II

21 CFR 892.2050

QIH - Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
LLZ - System, Image Processing, Radiological

Radiology

Primary Predicate: Secondary Predicate:
Manufacturer: CorticoMetrics, LLC Manufacturer: AMRA Medical AB
Trade Name: THINQ Trade Name: AMRA Profiler
510(k) Number: K192051 510(k) Number: K211983

Product Code: LLZ Product Code: LNH

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
. Q Bio, Inc.
oO bio 1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

1. Device Description

Constellation is an automated image post-processing software application used in a clinical MRI
setting. Constellation combines MR images from overlapping anatomical stations to segment
anatomical regions and provide associated quantitative measurements for whole-body patient
anatomy. These anatomical regions include the lower limb muscles, visceral adipose tissue,
subcutaneous adipose tissue, kidneys, liver, spleen, lungs, and brain structures. A PDF report
contains quantified measurements alongside a whole-body visualization and segmented label
images.

Constellation provides alpha-blending of the anatomical image with the corresponding labels in
the final report. This process combines one stitched output (background) with another
(foreground) to create a final anatomical label with both grayscale and color resulting from the
blending of the background (greyscale) and foreground label.

Constellation is a tool intended to assist trained physicians in the assessment of MR images of
the whole body. The software is not designed to provide any automated detection or diagnosis.
Physicians retain the ultimate responsibility for making any diagnosis from the presented
images based on their standard practices and patient background, clinical history, symptoms,
and other diagnostic information.

2. Intended Use

Constellation is a software application that stitches together MR images, automatically labels,
and calculates quantitative measurements for anatomical regions. The device outputs are
designed to be used by clinicians as a clinical decision support tool and are not to be used in
triage events, emergency medicine, or critical care. It is not intended to be a sole source of
medical diagnosis. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent
diagnosis based on their standard practices.

3. Indications for Use

Constellation is intended for non-invasive labeling and calculation of quantitative measurements
for anatomical regions. Constellation utilizes DICOM MR images gathered on a GE MR450W
that encompass the whole-body. It is intended to be used for healthy adult patients. Clinicians
may use Constellation as a clinical decision support tool, but it is not to be used in triage events,
emergency medicine, or critical care. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the
pertinent diagnosis based on their standard practices.

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
oO bio

4.

Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

A summary of the comparison between technological characteristics of Constellation and its predicate devices is provided in Table 1 below.

Table 1: Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

 

 

 

Q Bio, Inc. CorticoMetrics LLC AMRA Medical AB Differences
(Subject Device) (Primary Predicate) (Secondary Predicate)

Product Name Constellation THINQ AMRA Profiler N/A

510(k) Number K241280 K192051 K211983 N/A

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.2050

21 CFR 892.2050

21 CFR 892.1000

Same as primary predicate

 

Regulation Description

Medical Image
Management and
Processing System

Medical Image
Management and
Processing System

Magnetic Resonance
Diagnostic System

Same as primary predicate

 

Classification Name

System, Image Processing,
Radiological

System, Image Processing,
Radiological

System, Nuclear Magnetic
Resonance Imaging

Same as primary predicate

 

Classification

Same

 

Product Code

QIH, LLZ

LLZ

LNH

Similar to predicate

 

Indications for Use

 

 

Constellation is intended for non-
invasive labeling and calculation
of quantitative measurements for
anatomical regions. Constellation
utilizes DICOM MR images
gathered on a GE MR450W that
encompass the whole-body. It is

 

THINQ is intended for
automatic labeling,
visualization and volumetric
quantification of
segmentable brain structures
from a set of MR images.
Volumetric measurements

 

Indicated for use as a
magnetic resonance
diagnostic device software
application for non-invasive
fat and muscle evaluation
that enables the generation,
display and review of 2D

 

Same

 

 

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

 

Q Bio, Inc.
(Subject Device)

intended to be used for healthy

adult patients. Clinicians may use

Constellation as a clinical
decision support tool, but it is not
to be used in triage events,
emergency medicine, or critical
care. A clinician retains the
ultimate responsibility for making
the pertinent diagnosis based on
their standard practices.

CorticoMetrics LLC
(Primary Predicate)

may be compared to
reference percentile data.

AMRA Medical AB
(Secondary Predicate)

magnetic resonance medical
image data.

Designed to utilize DICOM
3.0 compliant magnetic
resonance image datasets,
acquired from compatible
MR Systems, to display the
internal structure of the body
including the liver. Other
physical parameters derived
from the images may also be
produced.

Provides a number of
quantification tools, such as
Region of Interest (ROI)
placements, to be used for
the assessment of

regions of an image to
quantify liver tissue
characteristics, including the
determination of fat fraction
in the liver, T2, and muscle
volume.

These images and the
physical parameters derived
from the images, when
interpreted by a trained
clinician, yield information
that may assist in diagnosis.

Differences

 

User

Clinicians

Medical professionals

Medical professionals

Similar

 

Hosting platform

 

 

Internal server

 

On-site hosting or internal
server

 

Internal server

 

Same

 

 

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
oO bio

Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

functions:
- Scan protocol verification
- Accurate patient
coordinate system
encoding
- Image quality threshold
checks
+ Results are reviewed by a
trained quality assurance team
and a clinician

 

functions:
- Scan sequence
(protocol) checks
- Atlas alignment
checks
- Cortical surface
checks
- — Result validity
checks
+ Results must be reviewed
by a trained clinician

 

described and presented in
the report

+ Automatic sequence
protocol conformance check

Q Bio, Inc. CorticoMetrics LLC AMRA Medical AB Differences
(Subject Device) (Primary Predicate) (Secondary Predicate)
Image Modality MR MR MR Same
Design
Operating System Mac Linux Linux Similar
Physical Characteristics | Software package. Operates on Software package. Operates | Software package Same
off-the-shelf hardware (Apple) on off-the-shelf hardware
(multiple vendors)
Technology Non-Al based Algorithms (brain, Non-Al based Algorithms Non-Al based Algorithms Similar
lungs, femur, lower limb muscles,
SAT)
Convolutional neural networks
(kidneys, spleen, liver, VAT)
Safety + Automated quality control + Automated quality control + Image quality issues are Same

 

 

Features

 

 

 

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
oO bio

Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

quantitative
measurements including

 

volumetric
measurements

 

volumetric
measurements

 

Q Bio, Inc. CorticoMetrics LLC AMRA Medical AB Differences
(Subject Device) (Primary Predicate) (Secondary Predicate)
Anatomical Area of Head and Whole Body Head Whole Body Same
Interest
Alpha-Blended Color Yes Yes Yes Same
Images
User Access Point Post-processing application Post-processing application Post-processing application Same
Image Input DICOM DICOM DICOM Same
Intensity Normalization Equalize station intensity: Equalize station intensity: Equalize station intensity: Similar
optional Yes Yes
Registration Atlas based registration for Automatic registration of Registration for leg muscle Similar
segmentation of brain regions brain segmentation atlas to segmentation.
and leg muscles. the input image.
Acquisition plane Axial, Sagittal Sagittal Axial Same
Sequence compatibility | T1 MPRAGE, 2-point DIXON, 6- | T1 MPRAGE 2-point DIXON, 6-point Same
point DIXON DIXON
Output © PDF report with © PDF report with © PDF report with Same

 

 

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
Q Bio, Inc.
1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

 

 

Export Format

 

 

Q Bio, Inc. CorticoMetrics LLC AMRA Medical AB Differences
(Subject Device) (Primary Predicate) (Secondary Predicate)
organ, muscle, and fat Includes segmented ¢ Body composition
volumes color overlays and profile
e Includes segmented structures measurements:
color overlays and © Automatically subcutaneous and
structures compares results to visceral fat volume,
reference percentile muscle fat, muscle
data volume and liver fat
e DICOM images with
segmentation
overlays
PDF and DICOM images PDF Same

PDF

 

 

 

 

 

--- Page 12 (OCR) ---
. Q Bio, Inc.
oO bio 1411 Industrial Road

San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

5. Performance Testing

The following clinical and non-clinical tests were performed to evaluate Constellation’s
performance:

Segmentation accuracy of the lungs, liver, spleen, kidneys, muscle, and fat (visceral and
subcutaneous) is evaluated using the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and mean percent
absolute difference as primary and secondary figures of merit (FOM).

Segmentation accuracy for brain cortical/subcortical regions is evaluated via mean
percent absolute difference and Pearson’s correlation coefficient as the primary and
secondary FOMs.

Liver Volume of Interest (VOI) placement is evaluated via majority voting of three
radiologists.

Device repeatability is evaluated by calculating the DSC and mean percent absolute
difference for the same MRI scans passed twice through Constellation.

Test-retest measurement repeatability is evaluated using the mean percent absolute
difference and Pearson’s correlation coefficient as the primary and secondary FOMs.
Manual segmentations are established as ground-truth via inter-rater and intra-rater
variability studies. The variability in manual segmentations will be evaluated via DSC.
Software verification testing was conducted for Constellation to validate it for its intended
use according to recommendations outlined in “General Principles of Software Validation,
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff’. The Constellation software demonstrated passing
results on all applicable unit, integration, and requirements testing.

Software usability testing was conducted for Constellation to validate it for its intended use
according to the FDA guidance titled: “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering
to Medical Devices’. The Constellation software demonstrated passing results in the
applied usability testing.

The test results demonstrated that Constellation performs to its intended use and does not
introduce new questions of safety or effectiveness. A full description of the software
functionality, device hazard analysis, software requirements, verification, validation, and
performance testing is provided in this submission.

6. Conclusions

The performance testing presented shows that Constellation is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as the predicate devices.

Any technological differences between Constellation and its predicate devices do not raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness. Therefore, Constellation is substantially equivalent to its
predicate devices.
