DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K241847

 

Device Name

 

Imbio PHA (4.0.0)

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

 

The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart, the main pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA
acquisition and report the RV/LV and Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes cases using an artificial
intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The PHA software
provides the user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be
used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment
of CTPA cases.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

| Contact Details 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
Applicant Name Imbio, Inc
Applicant Address 1015 Glenwood Ave Floor 4 Minneapolis MN 55405 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone | 608-213-7100
Applicant Contact Dr. Lauren Keith
Applicant Contact Email laurenkeith@imbio.com

| Device Name 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
Device Trade Name Imbio PHA (4.0.0)
Common Name Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number 892.2050
Product Code(s) QIH

| Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code
K203256 Imbio RV/LV QIH

 

 

 

 

 

 

| Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 

Imbio's PHA Software is a set of medical image post-processing computer algorithms that together perform automated right and left
ventricle, pulmonary artery (PA), and aorta (Ao) measurements from CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) scans, and reports the RV/LV and
PA/Ao ratios. The Imbio PHA is a single command-line executable program that may be run directly from the command-line or through
scripting and thus the user interface is minimal.

Imbio PHA Software is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) intended to provide annotated DICOM-formatted images and a PDF report
that will be read most typically at a PACS workstation. Imbio PHA Software is an aid, only used to support a physician in the analysis of
CTPA images.

The Imbio PHA Software program reads in CTPA DICOM datasets, processes the data, then writes output DICOM files and summary
reports to a specified directory. Imbio PHA Software outputs DICOMs of the original input DICOM CT images overlaid with color-codings
indicating where the measurements were made. Additionally, a summary PDF report is output.

Imbio PHA Software does not interface directly with any CT scanner or data collection equipment; instead the software imports data
previously generated by such equipment and is integrated as part of the radiological workflow, reducing the risk of use errors.

100 contrast-enhanced CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) datasets were used for standalone performance assessment. The datasets
were sourced from multiple centers and multiple databases and included a range of convolution kernels (vendor equivalent of GE's Soft,
Detail, Standard, and Standard Iterative kernels) and slice thicknesses (0.75 mm, 1.00 mm, 1.25 mm, 1.5 mm, and 2.00 mm) from the four
major CT scanner vendors. The datasets are representative of the intended patients because they are all clinically indicated for a CTPA
scan, which is primarily indicated for suspicion of pulmonary embolism or pulmonary hypertension.

Three expert, U.S. board-certified radiologists practicing within the United States were enrolled to perform ground truthing of the
performance datasets. Each truther had a minimum of 10 years clinical experience. The ground truthing exercise consisted of each
radiologist measuring the diameter of the pulmonary artery trunk at the level of the bifurcation and the aorta diameter at the same slice.
Intra-class correlation coefficients were calculated to show equivalency. There were two acceptance criterion:

*ICC of all measurements (annotators and algorithm) > 0.90 (excellent)

*ICC of all measurements (annotators and algorithm) within 95% Cl of the ICC of only annotators

 

| Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

 

The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles of the heart, the main
pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the RV/LV and Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes
cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The PHA software provides the
user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-
making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

 

| Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

 

The Indications for Use differ slightly between the predicate and the proposed devices. The IFUs have been reworded slightly to include
the main pulmonary artery and ascending aorta measurements. The overall intended use of the devices are equivalent: to use deep-
learning models to measure diameters of clinically relevant cardiovascular structures from a CTPA image. The differences in IFU
statements have no negative impact on safety or effectiveness because neither the predicate’s nor the subject device's results are not
intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

 

 

 

| Technological Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)
 

 

Proposed Device Characteristics

Name: Imbio PHA

510(k) Number: TBD

Product Code: QIH

Regulation Name: Picture Archiving and communications systems
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Input Data Requirements - General: Non-gated, CT Pulmonary Angiography images
DICOM compliant: Yes

LV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

RV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

mPA Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

Ao Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

Diameters Measurements: Yes - Automated

Fully-automated: Yes

Interface: Command-line

Ability to QA Results: Yes - via outputs

Outputs: Report, DICOM Secondary Capture series

Proposed Indications for Use: The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart, the main pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the RV/LV and
Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The
PHA software provides the user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

Predicate Device Characteristics

Name: Imbio RV/LV

510(k) Number: K203256

Product Code: QIH

Regulation Name: Picture Archiving and communications systems
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Input Data Requirements - General: Non-gated, CT Pulmonary Angiography images
DICOM compliant: Yes

LV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

RV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

mPA Segmentation: No

Ao Segmentation: No

Diameters Measurements: Yes - Automated

Fully-automated: Yes

Interface: Command-line

Ability to QA Results: Yes - via outputs

Outputs: Report, DICOM Secondary Capture series

Predicate Indications for Use: The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an
artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the user with
annotated images showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-
making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

 
Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)

No clinical testing was conducted. The Imbio PHA Software provides quantitative metrics with well-known clinical value. Non-Clinical
testing was conducted to ensure that the measurements provided by the PHA Software, specifically the PA and Ao diameters, resemble
measurements of the same anatomy performed by radiologists. The ICC between three expert radiologists and the algorithm results is

0.94, indicating excellent agreement.

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective as Imbio RV/LV
(K203256).

 
