
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
  
 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
Food and Drug Administration

Indications for Use

     

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
See PRA Statement below.

  
 

 

510(k) Number (if known)
K240942

 

Device Name
CINA-CSpine

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of cervical
spine CT images.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained physician specialists by flagging and

communication of suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine fractures including non-displaced
fracture lines and/or displaced fracture fragments.

CINA-CSpine uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a

standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The device is not designed to detect
vertebral compression fractures.

The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview
images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The

device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-CSpine are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.

Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1

PSC Publishing Senices (01) 465-6700 EF

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
K240942

510(K) SUMMARY

AVICENNA.AI’s CINA-CSPINE

Submitter

Applicant:
AVICENNA.AI
Espace Mistral B,
375 avenue du Mistral,
13600 LA CIOTAT France

Contact Person:
Stephane Berger
Regulatory Manager
Phone: +33 6 12 12 28 13
E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

Date prepared: September 12, 2024

Device Identification

Name of Device: CINA-CSpine

Classification Name: Radiological computer aided triage and
notification software

Regulation No: 21 CFR § 892.2080

Product Code: QAS

Regulatory Class: Class II

Classification Panel: Radiology

Predicate Device

The CINA-CSpine device is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device with regard
to indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

510(k): K190896

Trade Name: BriefCase for CSF Triage

Manufacturer: Aidoc Medical, Ltd.

Classification Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
Regulation No: 21 CFR § 892.2080

Product Code: QAS

Regulatory Class: Class II

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
Device Description
CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

CINA-CSpine runs on a standard “off the shelf’ server/workstation and consists of CSpine Image
Processing Application, which can be integrated, deployed and used with the CINA Platform
(cleared under K200855) or other medical image communications devices. CINA-CSpine receives
cervical spine CT scans identified by the CINA Platform or other medical image communications
device, processes them using deep learning algorithms involving execution of multiple
computational steps to identify the suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine
fractures and generates results files to be transferred by CINA Platform or a similar medical image
communications device for output to a PACS system or workstation for worklist prioritization.

To identify the suspected presence of cervical fractures, the device uses a deep learning model
trained end-to-end on 1,338 cases acquired from US and France, representing a distribution of
fracture presentations, locations and acquisition protocols, including multiple scanner models from
Siemens, Philips, GE and Canon/Toshiba. Additional deep learning models are used to locate the
individual vertebrae to exclude images that do not conform to the expected field of view.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspected positive findings of a
cervical spine fracture, then active notifications on the flagged series are sent to the worklist
application.

The Worklist Application displays the active notification of new studies with suspected findings
when they come in. All the cervical spine CT studies which include at least 5 visible cervical
vertebrae received by CINA-CSpine device are displayed in the worklist and those on which the
algorithms have detected a suspected finding are marked with an icon (i.e., active notification). In
addition, a compressed, grayscale, unannotated image that is marked “not for diagnostic use” is
displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes
only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for diagnostic use beyond
notification.

Presenting the trained physician specialist with notification facilitates earlier triage by allowing
image prioritization in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have
been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The CINA platform is an example of medical image communications platform for integrating and
deploying the CINA-CSpine image processing application. The medical image communications
device (i.e., the technical platform) provides the necessary requirements for interoperability based
on the standardized DICOM protocol and services to communicate with existing systems in the
hospital radiology department such as CT modalities or other DICOM nodes (DICOM router or
PACS for example). It is responsible for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of
suspected findings and displaying medical device data such as radiological data. The medical
image communications server includes the Worklist client application, which receives notifications
from the CINA-CSpine Image Processing application.

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
Intended Use / Indications for Use

CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of cervical spine CT images.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained physician specialists
by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine
fractures including non-displaced fracture lines and/or displaced fracture fragments.

CINA-CSpine uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The device is not designed to detect vertebral compression fractures.

The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include
compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended
for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it
is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-CSpine are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.

Summary of Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Software Verification and Validation Testing

CINA-CSpine complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) —
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.

Avicenna.Al conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the CINA-CSpine device as standalone software. CINA-CSpine is tested
against its user needs and intended use by the successful execution of planned software
verification and validation testing included in this submission.

Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the CINA-CSPINE met
all design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the software.

Standalone Performance Testing

Avicenna.Al conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational and blinded study with the CINA-
CSpine application with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance (Sensitivity
and Specificity) in detecting cervical spine (CSpine) fractures on non-contrast CT (NCCT) scans
images, in 328 clinical anonymized cases. The dataset included 59.5% Male and 36.3% Female.
Mean + SD age of patients included in the study was 55.3 + 5.1 yo (range: 18 - 101 yo).

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. In fact, the validation data was
acquired from 3 different clinical sources, with one representing an U.S teleradiology company
which has access to a database of medical images from various U.S. hospitals distributed
throughout the U.S. territories, to account for race/ethnicity in the intended U.S. patient population.
Additional scanner parameters considered were slice thickness, number of detector rows, and kVp
ranges. Detailed subgroup analysis was reported in the labeling.

The data was provided from multiple US (60.4%) and OUS (39.6%) clinical sites. The
independence of the standalone validation dataset from the training data was ensured using data
from independent sites and different time periods. There were 155 (47.3%) positive cases (CT with
CSpine) and 173 (52.7%) negative cases included in the analysis. The data was acquired primarily
by 4 different scanner makers (GE-31.1%, Philips-21.6%, Siemens-28.7%, and Canon-18.3%) and
36 different scanner models.

Device Sensitivity [95% Cl] and Specificity [95% Cl] were computed against the ground truth
established by consensus of three US-board-certified expert radiologists.

As a primary endpoint, the global Sensitivity and Specificity were found to be 90.3% [95%Cl: 84.5%
- 94.5%] and 91.9% [95%Cl: 86.8% - 95.5%], respectively. These findings achieved the 80%
performance goal of the study and are similar to the results reported for the predicate BriefCase
device (Aidoc Medical) which demonstrated: Sensitivity and Specificity of 91.7% [95%Cl: 82.7% -
96.9%] and 88.6% [95%CI: 81.2% - 93.8%], respectively.

Additionally, the CINA-CSpine prioritization and triage effectiveness were evaluated by the
standalone per-case processing time of the device (time-to-notification), which corresponds to the
time between the end of the DICOM reception (made available for CINA-CSpine image processing)
and the end of processing (positive or negative identification). Finally, for better comparison with
the predicate device, the statistics for only True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by
the ground truthers as well as the device) are also provided.

The results are presented in Table below:

Time-to-Notification for CINA-CSpine Image Processing Application

 

Time-to-Notification

(minutes) MEAN+SD | MEDIAN 95% Cl MIN | MAX

 

CINA-CSpine
All cases 2941.1 2.6 [2.7 -3.0] | 1.0 6.8
(N = 328)

 

CINA-CSpine
True Positive cases 2.8412 2.6 [2.6 - 3.0] | 1.0 6.8
(N= 140)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The mean [95% Cl] time-to-notification for all included cases (n = 328) was estimated to be 2.9
[95% Cl: 2.7 - 3.0] minutes for CINA-CSpine.

When taking into account only true positive cases (n = 140), the mean [95% Cl] time-to-notification
was 2.8 [95%CI: 2.6 - 3.0] minutes for CINA-CSpine and 3.9 [95%CI: 3.8 - 4.1] minutes for
BriefCase, the defined predicate device.

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
The performance testing of the CINA-CSpine device establishes that the subject device is as safe
and effective as the predicate device and compatible with the same clinical use, since the
performances demonstrated the clinical effectiveness of the subject device and its ability to provide
effective prioritization and triage, which is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device.
This establishes that the CINA-CSpine device achieves its intended use and is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.

Substantial Equivalence

The subject CINA-CSpine and the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage device are both intended to
aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images of time sensitive findings for patient detection
and diagnosis (i.e., cervical spine fracture) based on the analysis of medical images acquired from
radiological signal acquisition systems. The CINA device provides the CINA Platform in which the
subject CINA-CSpine prioritization and triage application can be integrated, deployed and used.
The labeling of the subject and the predicate devices clearly states that the devices are not for
diagnostic use. The subject CINA-CSpine device and the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage are
software packages with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, and
incorporate deep learning Al algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications
and to display unannotated preview images. In both devices, the labeling instructs the user to
further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

The subject CINA-CSpine, the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage device operate in parallel to the
standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change the original image, do not provide
any marking on the output preview, and do not remove images from the standard of care FIFO
queue; thus, not disturbing standard interpretation of the images by the attending trained physician
specialists. The subject and predicate devices achieve performance of the time-to-notification
metric in similar ranges of time, and thus contribute similarly to effective triage and early
involvement of the trained physician specialists in evaluating suspected images of cervical spine
fracture.

The standalone performance and effectiveness assessment studies demonstrated that the CINA-
CSpine device performs as intended and substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for CSF Triage
predicate device.

The table below compares the key features of the subject and the predicate devices.

Comparison of key features between CINA-CSpine and predicate device (Aidoc Medical Ltd)
Subject device: CINA-CSpine | Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
Software Triage Software (K190896)

Intended Use | CINA-CSpine is a_ radiological | BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
/ Indications | computer aided triage and | triage and notification software indicated

 

 

for Use notification software indicated for | for use in the analysis of cervical spine CT
use in the analysis of cervical | images.
spine CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital

networks and trained radiologists in
workflow triage by flagging and

 

 

 

 

 

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
 

Subject device: CINA-CSpine
Software

Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
Triage Software (K190896)

 

The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and
appropriately trained physician
specialists by flagging and
communication of suspected
positive findings compatible with
acute cervical spine fractures
including non-displaced fracture
lines and/or displaced fracture
fragments.

CINA-CSpine uses an artificial
intelligence algorithm to analyze
images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone
application in parallel to the
ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The device is not
designed to detect vertebral
compression fractures.

The user is presented with
notifications for cases with
suspected findings. Notifications
include compressed preview
images that are meant for
informational purposes only, and
are not intended for diagnostic
use beyond notification.

The device does not alter the
original medical image, and it is
not intended to be used as a
diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-CSpine are
intended to be used _ in
conjunction with other patient
information and based on
professional judgment to assist
with triage/prioritization of
medical images.

Notified clinicians are ultimately
responsible for reviewing full
images per the standard of care.

communication of suspected positive
findings of linear lucencies in the cervical
spine bone in patterns compatible with
fractures.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
algorithm to analyse images and highlight
cases with detected findings on a
standalone desktop application in parallel
to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected
findings.

Notifications include compressed preview
images that are meant for informational
purposes only and not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification.

The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to
be used in conjunction with other patient
information an based on their professional
judgment, to assist with
triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of
care.

 

 

 

User Trained physician specialist Radiologist
population

Anatomical Cervical Spine Cervical Spine
region of

interest

 

 

 

 

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
 

Subject device: CINA-CSpine
Software

Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
Triage Software (K190896)

 

 

 

of region of
interest

highlight, or direct users’ attention
to a specific location in the
original image

Data Non-contrast cervical spine CT | Non-contrast cervical spine CT scans
acquisition scans

protocol

View DICOM | DICOM information about the | DICOM information about the patient,
data patient, study and current image | study and current image

Segmentation | No; device does not mark, | No; device does not mark, highlight, or

direct users’ attention to a specific location
in the original image

 

 

 

that is marked “not for diagnostic
use”.

Algorithm Artificial intelligence algorithm | Artificial intelligence algorithm with
with database of images database of images

Notification /| Yes Yes

Prioritization

Preview Presentation of a compressed, Presentation of a small, compressed,

images grayscale, unannotated image black

and white preview image that is labeled
“Not for diagnostic use”.

 

Alteration of
original image

No

No

 

 

 

 

 

 

Removal of|No. The device operates in| No. The device operates in parallel with

cases from | parallel with the standard of care, | the standard of care, which remains the

worklist which remains the default option | default option for all cases.

queue for all cases.

Structure -CSpine image processing |- AHS module (orchestrator, image
application acquisition)
- Compatibility of use with the | - ACS module (image processing).
CINA Platform (worklist and | - Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
Image Viewer) or other medical | integration (worklist and non-diagnostic
image communications device. basic Image Viewer).

Conclusion

CINA-CSpine and BriefCase have similar intended use and substantially similar indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation.

substantial equivalence comparison:

- The predicate device is legally marketed.

- CINA-CSpine has the same intended use as the predicate device, i.e., AlIDoc Medical,

Ltd.’s BriefCase, and therefore it may be found substantially equivalent.

- CINA-CSpine and the predicate device have very similar indications for use.

 

The following is a summary of the

--- Page 12 (OCR) ---
- CINA-CSpine has similar technological characteristics as the predicate and reference
devices, i.e., the deployment of an artificial intelligence algorithm with a database of images.

- Standalone performance study demonstrates that the CINA-CSpine and the predicate
BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection
of findings within the processed study.

Accordingly, the subject CINA-CSpine device is substantially equivalent to the predicate BriefCase
device
