DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

k242275

Device Name

syngo.via MI Workflows;
Scenium;

syngo MBF

Indications for Use (Describe)

syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple
imaging modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as
positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets,
such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can
perform harmonization of SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction
methods.

 

 

 

 

 

syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals
to aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology,
neurology, and organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can
also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ri Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
 

K242275 SIEMENS
Healthineers
510(k) Summary
1. Identification of the Submitter
Submitter / Primary Contact Clayton Ginn
Person Regulatory Affairs

clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
+1 (865) 898-2692

Secondary Contact Person Brian Wui

Regulatory Affairs
hansong.wui@siemens-healthineers.com
+1 (865) 367-4337

Applicant Name and Address Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA

2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
Establishment Registration Number: 1423253

2. Device Name and Classification

Product Trace Name:
Regulation Name:
Classification Name:
Classification Panel:
CFR Section:

Device Class:
Product Code:

syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
Medical image management and processing system
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Radiology

21 CFR §892.2050

Class II

QIH

3. Predicate Devices

Primary Predicate Device:

Product Trace Name:
510(k) Number:
Clearance Date:
Regulation Name:
Classification Name:
Classification Panel:
CFR Section:

Device Class:
Product Code:

syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
K232000

11/28/2023

Medical image management and processing system
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Radiology

21 CFR §892.2050

Class II

QIH

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 1
SIEMENS
Healthineers

 

4. Device Description

syngo.via MI Workflows (including Scenium and syngo MBF applications) is a multi-modality post-
processing software only medical device intended to aid in the management of diseases, including those
associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The syngo.via MI Workflows
applications are part of a larger syngo.via client/server system which is intended to be installed on
common IT hardware. The hardware itself is not seen as part of the syngo.via MI Workflows medical
device.

The syngo.via MI Workflows software addresses the needs of the following typical users of the product:

e Reading Physician / Radiologist — Reading physicians are doctors who are trained in interpreting
patient scans from PET, SPECT and other modality scanners. They are highly detail oriented and
analyze the acquired images for abnormalities, enabling ordering physicians to accurately
diagnose and treat scanned patients. Reading physicians serve as a liaison between the ordering
physician and the technologists, working closely with both.

e Technologist — Nuclear medicine technologists operate nuclear medicine scanners such as PET
and SPECT to produce images of specific areas and states of a patient’s anatomy by
administering radiopharmaceuticals to patients orally or via injection. In addition to
administering the scan, the technologist must properly select the scan protocol, keep the
patient calm and relaxed, monitor the patient’s physical health during the protocol and evaluate
the quality of the images. Technologists work very closely with physicians, providing them with
quality-checked scan images.

The software has been designed to integrate the clinical workflow for the above users into a server-
based system that is consistent in design and look with the base syngo.via platform and other syngo.via
software applications. This ensures a similar look and feel for radiologists that may review multiple types
of studies from imaging modalities other than Molecular Imaging, such as MR.

The syngo.via MI workflows software supports integration through DICOM transfers of positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM) data, as well as anatomical datasets, such as
computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).

Although data is automatically imported into the server based on predefined configurations through the
hospital IT system, data can also be manually imported from external media, including CD, external mass
storage devices, etc.

The Siemens syngo.via platform and the applications that reside on it, including syngo.via MI Workflows,
are distributed via electronic medium. The Instructions for Use is also delivered via electronic medium.

syngo.via MI Workflows includes 2 workflows (syngo.MM Oncology and syngo.MI General) as well as the
Scenium neurology software application and the syngo MBF cardiology software application which are
launched from the OpenApps framework within the MI General workflow.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 2
SIEMENS
Healthineers

 

5. Indications for Use

syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging
modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can perform harmonization of
SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction methods.

syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to

aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and
organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the

physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.

6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device

The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

syngo.via MI Workflows with software version VB80A, Scenium with software version VE70, and syngo
MBF with software version VB30 software provide the same technological characteristics in terms of
materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate
device since all devices are software only devices.

The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.

The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.

Ata high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

© Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)

e  Server/Client architecture

¢ Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
e Feature Licensing Structure

e SUV values calculated

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 3
SIEMENS
Healthineers

The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.

 

syngo.via MI Workflows VB80:
MI General
e No changes
MM Onco
e Nochanges
Scenium VE70:

¢  Centiloid scoring is implemented and intended to standardize brain PET Amyloid quantification
across all three approved tracers below.*

o Amyvid™ (florbetapir)
o Neuraceq™ (florbetaben)
o Vizamyl™ (flutemetamol)

syngo MBF VB30:

e Nochanges

Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Software Verification and Validation

‘Enhanced’ software documentation per FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions” issued in June, 2023 is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance
criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and functional specifications,
including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of substantial equivalence.

1 Klunk, William E et al. “The Centiloid Project: standardizing quantitative amyloid plaque estimation by PET.” Alzheimer's &
dementia : the journal of the Alzheimer's Association vol. 11,1 (2015): 1-15.e1-4. doi:10.1016/j.jalz.2014.07.003

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 4
SIEMENS
Healthineers
Performance Testing

In addition to verification and validation testing, clinical performance evaluation was conducted in order
to compare the Centiloid score values generated by Scenium with the Centiloid score values calculated
using ADNI?.

 

To derive the Scenium SUVr to CL transformation equations, calibration of PET images and their
corresponding SUVr and CL reference data were obtained from the GAAIN website. For each tracer,
level-2 calibration analysis prescribed in Klunk et al*. was performed to generate direct syngo-AB SUVr-
to-CL transformations. A global cortical SUVr value was calculated using six tracer-specific cortical
regions in reference to the whole cerebellum, as implemented in syngo-AB software. The
transformation equations derived using the calibration images, from GAAIN, fulfilled the acceptance
criteria, with strong agreement and little bias between syngo-AB CL values and those computed and
published using the standard method’, with

© R2=0.97(Amyvid™)

© R7=0.98 (Neuraceq™)

© R=0.95 (Vizamyl™)

The independent validation? demonstrated strong agreement between syngo-AB and ADNI CL values
with the following regressions and R? values:

@  Scenlume| =1.044x *NICL - 0.712; R? = 0.97 (Amyvid™)

@  Scenlume| =1,095x*NICL - 7.241; R? = 0.98 (Neuraceq™)

Additionally, the agreement of Scenium Centiloid scale with visual reading and progression of disease
was investigated?.162 patients (69 females, 93 males) aged 71.3+6.2 years with Mild Cognitive
Impairment (MCI) who underwent an A-PET (22 18F-florbetaben, 52 18F-flutemetamol, 88 18F-
florbetapir) were retrospectively reviewed. Patients were classified as “positive” or “negative” by
consensus. The ROC analysis yielded excellent agreement with visual-based classification with an area
under the ROC curve of 0.9872, and a corresponding optimal CL cut-off value of 26 (sensitivity 92.0%,
specificity 96.3%)

Conclusion: We have successfully calibrated a commercially available amyloid quantification software to
the centiloid scale for the three commercially available amyloid tracers. Validation on two independent
datasets showed strong agreement with the ADNI calibration pipeline for florbetapir and florbetaben.
Finally, Centiloid Scoring used by Scenium demonstrated strong agreement with visual reading.

? Rachid Fahmi, “Centiloid Calibration of a Commercial Amyloid Quantitation Software for different Fluorine-18 Radiotracers”.
EANM 2023.

3K. Hirschmilller et al., “Visual Reading and Centiloid Scaling for the Evaluation of Brain Amyloid PET Imaging in Patients with
Mild Cognitive Impairment: Impact on Conversion to Alzheimer’s Disease Dementia”. EANM2024.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 5
SIEMENS .
Healthineers °-
Risk Analysis

The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.

Standards
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via MI Workflows, Scenium, and syngo MBF meets the following
FDA Recognized Consensus standards listed below:

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Recognition Designation Number and oy Seer nt
Number Edition/Date pt
Organization
Digital Imaging and Communications in
12-349 PS 3.1 - 3.20 202d Medicine (DICOM) Set NEMA
13.79 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Medical Device Software Software Life AMI, ANSI, IEC
~ CONSOLIDATED VERSION Cycle Processes ’ ‘
5-125 14971 Third Edition 2019-12 Medical devices ~ Application of risk Iso
management to medical devices
62366-1 Edition 1.1 2020-06 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of
5-129 CONSOLIDATED VERSION usability engineering to medical devices AAMI, ANSI, IEC
Medical devices - Symbols to be used with
5-134 15223-1 Fourth edition 2021-07 medical device labels, labelling, and Iso
information to be supplied - Part 1: General
requirements
5-135 20417 First edition 2021-04 Medical devices — Information to be iso
Corrected version 2021-12 supplied by the manufacturer

 

 

 

 

 

Conclusion

There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the updated syngo.via MI Workflows software (including Scenium and syngo MBF) as
compared to the currently commercially available syngo.via MI Workflows software (K232000).

Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.

Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information, as well as the
documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the syngo.via MI Workflows
software—with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 6

 
