 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K240290
Device Name

AiMIFY (1.x)

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

AiMIFY is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
increase contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio (LBR) of enhancing tissue
in brain MRI images acquired with a gadolinium-based contrast agent. It is intended to enhance MRI images acquired
using standard approved dosage per the contrast agent’s instructions for use.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
AiMIFY 510(k) Summary

Table 1. Contact Details & Device Name

K240290

 

 

 

 

 

Date Summary Prepared: 2024-08-20

Contact Details

Applicant Name: Subtle Medical, Inc.

Applicant Address: 883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States

Applicant Contact: Ms. Ronny Elor

 

Applicant Contact Telephone:

(925) 324-8467

 

Applicant Contact Email:

ronny@subtlemedical.com

 

Correspondent Name:

Enzyme Corporation

 

Correspondent Address:

611 Gateway Blvd, Ste 120
South San Francisco, CA 94080 United States

 

Correspondent Contact:

Mr. Jared Seehafer

 

Correspondent Contact Telephone:

(415) 638-9554

 

Correspondent Contact Email:

jared@enzyme.com

 

Device Name

 

Device Trade Name:

AiMIFY (1.x)

 

Common Name:

Medical image management and processing system

 

Classification Name:

System, Image Processing, Radiological

 

 

 

Regulation Number: 892.2050
Product Code: LLZ
Device Class: Class IT

 

Legally Marketed Predicate
Device:

 

 

Predicate #: K223623
Predicate Trade Name: SubtleMR
Predicate Manufacturer: Subtle Medical

 

 

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 1
K240290

Device Description Summary

The AiMIFY device is a software as a medical device consisting of a machine learning software
algorithm that enhances images taken by MRI scanners. AiMIFY consists of a software algorithm that
improves contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio (LBR) of
Gadolinium-Based Contrast Agent (GBCA) enhanced T1-weighted images while maintaining diagnostic
performance, using deep learning technology. It is a post-processing software that does not directly
interact with the MR scanner and does not have a graphical user interface. It is intended to be used by
radiologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital. The AiMIFY software uses Tl pre and
post-contrast MR images acquired as part of standard of care contrast-enhanced MRI exams as the
software input. The outputs are the corresponding images with enhanced contrast presence. AiMIFY
enhances DICOM images.

AiMIFY image processing software uses a convolutional neural network based algorithm to enhance the
AiMIFY-contrast images from pre-contrast and standard-dose post-contrast images. The image
processing can be performed on MRI images with predefined or specific acquisition protocol settings as
follows: gradient echo (pre- and post-contrast), 3D BRAVO (pre- and post-contrast), 3D MPRAGE (pre-
and post-contrast), 2D T1 spin echo (pre- and post-contrast), T1 FLAIR/ inversion recovery spin echo
(pre- and post-contrast).

The AiMIFY image is created by AiMIFY and sent back to the picture archiving and communication
system (PACS) or other DICOM node by the compatible MDDS for clinical review.

Because the software runs in the background, it has no user interface. It is intended to be used by
radiologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital.

Note, depending on the functionality of the compatible MDDS, AiMIFY can be used within the
facility’s network or remotely. The AiMIFY device itself is not networked and therefore does not
increase the cybersecurity risk of its users. Users are provided cybersecurity recommendations in
labeling.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
AiMIFY is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can
be used to increase contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio
(LBR) of enhancing tissue in brain MRI images acquired with a gadolinium-based contrast agent. It is
intended to enhance MRI images acquired using standard approved dosage per the contrast agent’s
instructions for use.

Intended Use / Indications for Use Comparison
AiMIFY and SubtleMR are both intended to enhance 2D/3D T1 imaging data from MRI imaging
systems.

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 2
K240290

Technological Comparison
The following table shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics of
the predicate and subject devices.

Table 2. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

 

Topic Predicate Device Subject Device

 

Physical Software package that operates on off-the-shelf | Same
Characteristics | hardware

 

 

 

 

DICOM The software processes DICOM compliant Same
Standard image data

Compliance

Operating Linux Same
System

Modalities MRI Same
User Interface None — enhanced images are viewed on Same

existing PACS workstations

 

Workflow The software operates on DICOM files on the | Same
file system, enhances the images, and stores
the enhanced images on the file system. The
receipt of original DICOM image files and
delivery of enhanced images as DICOM files
depends on other software systems. Enhanced
images co-exist with the original images.

 

Algorithm SubtleMR implements an image enhancement | AiMIFY implements an image

algorithm using convolutional neural network | enhancement algorithm using

based filtering. Original images are enhanced convolutional neural network based

by running through a cascade of filter banks, filtering. The model performs non-linear
where thresholding and scaling operations are | scaling of the contrast uptake between the
applied. Separate neural network based filters | pre- and post-contrast images to improve
are obtained for noise reduction and sharpness | the visualization of the areas in the brain
increase. The parameters of the filters were that have absorbed the contrast material.
obtained through an image-guided
optimization process.

 

 

Inputs SubtleMR processes a single input image (with | AiMIFY processes two input images (T1
low SNR or low resolution) and outputs a pre-contrast and T1 post-contrast) and
single image with higher SNR or resolution. outputs a single image with a higher

relative CNR.

Processing SubtleMR processes the input image slice by AiMIFY processes the input image in a
slice in a 2D fashion using a ResNET style 2.5D fashion using a UNet style neural
neural network. network.

 

 

 

 

 

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 3
K240290

Fundamentally, both devices enhance images from input data provided by MR imaging systems. Though
there are technological differences, they do not present different questions of safety and effectiveness,
and the methods for assessing the safety and effectiveness of the subject device are substantively similar
to those of the predicate device.

Predetermined Change Control Plan
AiMIFY has a Predetermined Change Control Plan for planned changes to improve the generalizability
of the AiMIFY Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) model, to reduce processing time, and
improve perceived image quality.

Improved generalizability of the AiMIFY AI/ML model is expected to affect the labeled limitations of
AiMIFY, as the model will be more generalizable than the cleared version of the device. Improvements
planned include additional training and/or performance data to add more gadolinium-based contrast
agents, add additional patient ages (infants and children), add additional clinical conditions, and add
additional scanner models. The AiMIFY AI/ML model is planned to be retrained with additional output
channels to reduce processing time, and shall be subject to the same performance testing endpoints and
acceptance criteria as the cleared version of the device.

Additionally, an optional pre-processing feature is planned that consists of an algorithm which will
suppress vessel enhancement of the AiMIFY AI/ML model to reduce vessel conspicuity in the
AiMIFY-enhanced images and resulting in improved perceived image quality. The vessel suppression
algorithm shall be subject to the same performance testing performance testing endpoints and
acceptance criteria as the cleared version of the device, along with the additional endpoints that lesions
in AiMIFY-enhance images with vessel suppression should have equivalent CNR, LBR, CEP
improvements than images without suppression and that the CNR, LBR, CEP around small and large
blood vessels are lower in AiMIFY-enhance images with vessel suppression than without. The vessel
suppression algorithm shall be subject to the same performance testing dataset used in the cleared
version of the device, along with additional data containing lesions that appear like blood vessels to
demonstrate that the vessel suppression algorithm doesn’t incorrectly suppress enhancement of the
lesion in this edge case situation.

All changes shall be performed as a part of Subtle Medical’s Design Change Control process in a
Quality Management System that is ISO 13485:2016 and MDSAP certified. All impacted design
documentation, testing documentation, and labeling shall be updated appropriately for each change.
None of the changes shall result in a change to the Indications for Use, Cautions, performance
endpoints, or acceptance criteria of AiMIFY. Each change to AiMIFY shall be accompanied by a
software version-specific Customer Release Notes describing the change along with software
version-specific User Manual (with updated Limitations description if applicable) and other updated
labeling.

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 4
K240290

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions
Dataset Characteristics:

The dataset used for the quantitative and qualitative tests consists of 95 T1 brain cases with a variety of
protocols, contrast agent, MRI scanners, and patient demographics.

The images varied in acquisition including:
e TI input protocols: BRAVO, MPRAGE+, FLAIR, FSE.
e Orientation: axial, sagittal, coronal
e Acquisition type: 2D, 3D

The images were acquired from various scanners:
e Field strength: 0.3T, 1.5T, 3.0T
e Vendors: GE, Philips, Siemens, Hitachi

The images were sourced from a variety of patients:

e Age: Relatively even distribution from age 7 to 86.

e Sex: Relative event distribution of females and males.

e Pathologies: Cerebritis, Glioma, Meningioma, Lymphoma, Metastases, Multiple Sclerosis,
Neuritis, Inflammation, Other tumor related (resection / radiation necrosis / suspected cyst / etc.),
other abnormalities

e@ Population Demographics*: California, USA; New York, USA; Nationwide, USA; Beijing,
China

*Due to privacy practices, ethnicities of the training and testing data is unknown but can be inferred
based on the population demographics from where they were sourced. The population demographics of
data sources used for training and testing are as follows per the Census.gov July 2022 Estimates. In
California, USA, the population of 39m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White
alone 70.7%, Black or African American alone 6.5%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.7%,
Asian alone 16.3%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.5%, Two or More Race
4.3%, Hispanic or Latino 40.3%, and White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 34.7%. In New York, USA,
the population of 20m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 68.6%, Black
or African American alone 17.7%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1%, Asian alone 9.6%,
Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.1%, Two or More Race 2.8%, Hispanic or
Latino 19.7%, and White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 54.2%. In the overall USA, the population of
333m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 75.5%, Black or African
American alone 13.6%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.3%, Asian alone 6.3%, Native
Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.3%, Two or More Race 3%, Hispanic or Latino
19.1%, White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 58.9%.

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 5
K240290

Quantitative Assessment (Bench Test):

In addition to software verification & validation, performance bench testing was conducted to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of applying AiMIFY to enhance contrasted images using a
convolutional neural network on clinically acquired pre- and post-contrast brain images. To evaluate the
performance of the software, Subtle quantitatively evaluated the 95 acquired studies recruited from
clinical sites or hospitals. Of these cases, it was found during the Reader Study that 57 of them had
lesions. The acquired studies include pre-contrast, post-contrast, and AiMIFY images from various
sites, age ranges, manufacturers, scanner models, orientations, and magnitudes of field strengths. They
were used to assess the superiority of the AiMIFY against the acquired post-contrast image using
Contrast Enhancement Percentage (CEP), Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR), and Lesion-to-Brain Ratio
(LBR) to perform the analysis.

The primary endpoint of the quantitative test was that the CNR, LBR, and CEP ofa selected region of
interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved by greater than or equal to 50% after AIMIFY
enhancement compared to the traditionally acquired contrast images.

Two ROIs were drawn by a board-certified radiologist for each case to capture the enhancing lesion and
brain parenchyma. An ROI was drawn at the superior sagittal sinus region without an enhancing lesion.
The post-contrast image was labeled where the ROI was copied to the AiMIFY image with relevant
metrics on the case. The ROI is designed to estimate the signal intensity value.

Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR) was determined to be 559.94% across all 95 cases, and 831.70%
for the 57 lesion-only cases. The CNR of the AiMIFY images is significantly higher (Wilcoxon
signed-rank test, p < 0.0001) than that of the standard post-contrast images. The high increase of CNR of
AiMIFY images compared to standard post-contrast images is due to the fact that both the contrast
between a lesion and the normal parenchyma is increased by AiMIFY and also the noise of the images is
reduced by the denoising module of AiMIFY.

Lesion-to-Brain Ratio (LBR) was determined to be 62.07% across all 95 cases, and 58.80% for the
57 lesion-only cases. The Contrast Enhancement Percentage (CEP) between the acquired
post-contrast image and AiMIFY was determined to be 133.29% across all 95 cases, and 101.80%
for the 57 lesion only cases. The LBR and the CEP metric of the AiMIFY images are both significantly
better (Wilcoxon signed-rank test, p-value < 0.0001) than that of the standard post-contrast images. Both
metrics are measuring the main effects of AiMIFY, which is the increase of signal intensity of enhancing
tissue, measured as CEP and leading to higher LBR.

In summary, these results prove that the AiMIFY images are enhanced with the acquired post-contrast in

terms of the signal intensity value from the brain parenchyma to the enhanced lesion.

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 6
K240290

Qualitative Assessment (Reader Study):

The AiMIFY Reader Study aimed to demonstrate image enhancement of contrasted MRI images by
applying AiMIFY post-processing enhancement software using convolutional neural networks.
Specifically, 3 board-certified neuro-radiologists evaluated the Perceived Visibility of anatomic features
and lesions. The primary diagnostic categories were (1) Meningioma, (2) Glioma, (3) Lymphoma, (4)
Metastases, (5) Infection, (6) Cerebritis, (7) Multiple Sclerosis, (8) Neuritis, (9) Other tumor-related
(resection / radiation necrosis / suspected cyst / etc.), and (10) Other abnormality. The readers were
presented with both the pre- and post-contrast input images and the AiMIFY enhanced image. Readers
were asked to evaluate the Perceived Visibility of Lesion Contrast Enhancement, Lesion Border
Delineation, and Lesion Internal Morphology on a 4-point Likert scale. Additionally, readers were asked
to evaluate Perceived Image Quality, Artifact Presence, and Vessel Conspicuity on a 4-point Likert
scale.

The primary endpoint of the qualitative test was the visibility of lesion features (lesion contrast
enhancement, border delineation, and internal morphology) for cases with identified lesions in the test
datasets should be statistically significantly better for AiMIFY processed images per the Wilcoxon
signed rank test by p<0.05.

Lesion Contrast Enhancement, Border Delineation, and Internal Morphology were significantly
better than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Therefore, results provide evidence that AiMIFY
provides a significant improvement of lesion contrast enhancement, border delineation, and internal
morphology visualization.

The secondary endpoint of the qualitative test was the visibility of perceived image quality and image
artifacts for all cases in the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images should NOT be statistically
significantly worse than standard post-contrast images per the Wilcoxon signed rank test by p<0.05.

Perceived Image Quality and Artifact Presence And Impact On Clinical Diagnosis were
significantly not worse than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Additionally, two of three readers
demonstrated that Perceived Image Quality is better than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Therefore,
these results provide evidence that AiMIFY does not have worse perceived image quality or artifacts
that impact diagnosis, and may have higher perceived image quality.

In addition to the primary and secondary endpoints, the study contained several exploratory endpoints to
characterize AiMIFY’s performance.

Exploratory Endpoints:
Vessel Conspicuity

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 7
K240290

The first exploratory endpoint was the evaluation of user preference of vessel conspicuity for all cases in
the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images to establish the limitations of AiMIFY.

Compared to 3.51% of standard post-contrast cases, 11.58% of AiMIFY cases were rated as likely to
impact diagnosis due to vessel conspicuity. However, in 90% of cases vessel conspicuity was assessed as
unlikely to impact or having no impact on diagnosis. This shows that the potential negative impact of the
higher vessel conspicuity with AiMIFY is limited. Additionally, a further breakdown of results by reader
revealed that there was significant variability in reader preference regarding vessel conspicuity.

False Lesion Analysis

The second exploratory endpoint was the evaluation of false lesion frequency, cause, and severity for all
cases in the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images to establish a caution statement for AiMIFY.

73% of cases did not have false lesions, 4% of cases with false lesions did not have impact on diagnosis,
9% of cases with false lesions had minor impact on diagnosis, 14% of cases with false lesions had major
impact on diagnosis (4% being due to false lesions that are introduced by AiMIFY, 2% due to quality of
input images, and 8% being due to a combination of both causes). 100% of cases received scores from
all readers that the Standard-of-Care image was sufficient to identify the false lesion(s).

Lesion Size

To establish the range of lesions that AiMIFY is validated to be used on the size of lesions in the 95 test
subject validation datasets used for AiMIFY quantitative and qualitative assessment was performed.

AiMIFY has been validated with lesion sizes ranging from 1.23 cc to 7.08 cc with 95% CI, and has been
tested on lesions as small as 0.02 cc and as large as 59.83 cc. AiMIFY processed images had greater
lesion contrast enhancement than standard-of-care post-contrast images for both small lesions (<lcc:
AiMIFY = 3.57 versus Original = 2.71) and large lesions (>1cc: AiMIFY = 3.77 versus Original = 3.23).
This establishes the range of lesion sizes over which AiMIFY performance has been validated, and that
enhancement is seen in both small (<1cc) and large (>1cc) lesions.

Radiomics

Radiomics analysis was performed to assess the similarity in the texture related features of the lesions as
well as parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue, using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC) as the
metric, on 95 subject datasets (the same data from the AiMIFY Quantitative Assessment described
above).

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 8
K240290

The similarity in the texture measured as Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) between AiMIFY
input and output images in seven radiomics feature classes were all >= 0.65 for lesion tissue.
Specifically, the CCC in the seven radiomics feature classes ranged from 0.68 to 0.89, which are all >=
0.65, for lesion tissue. Seven radiomics feature classes of SOC and AiMIFY-enhanced have a good
correlation for lesion tissue.

The similarity in the texture measured as CCC between AiMIFY input and output images in seven
radiomics feature classes were all >= 0.8 for parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue. Specifically, the CCC in
the seven radiomics feature classes ranged from 0.82 to 0.92, which are all >= 0.8, for parenchyma
tissue / healthy tissue. Seven radiomics feature classes of SOC and AiMIFY-enhanced have a good
correlation for parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue.

Dose Appearance

To assess whether AiMIFY-enhanced images have a high-dose-like appearance, the ‘dose concentration’
of AiMIFY-enhanced images to standard post-contrast images was compared using a physics-based
formula. “BRAVO” sequence images were chosen for this evaluation due to the widely accepted signal
evolution equation which is well established in the literature. On average, AiMIFY-enhanced images had
93% more dose concentration than standard post-contrast images, indicating they do have a
high-dose-like appearance.

In addition, the training and validation datasets were compared in terms of CNR increase, where the
training dataset compared CNR increase from low-dose to regular-dose post-contrast images while the
testing dataset compared CNR increase from standard regular-dose post-contrast images and the
AiMIFY-enhanced post-contrast images. Both datasets had significant increases in CNR increase.

SubtleMR

The AiMIFY device makes use of the SubtleMR device (K223623) as a denoising module in its
post-processing engine. As the SubtleMR device was not previously tested or trained on
AiMIFY-processed images, validation of SubtleMR using the validation tests described in K223623 was
conducted to ensure performance of that device on this new type of input data.

When using SubtleMR in AiMIFY post-processing, average scores between the original and SubtleMR
enhanced images are <= 0.5 Likert scale points for visibility of small structures. Specifically, the average
score between original and SubtleMR enhanced images was 0.05 points. These results demonstrate that
SubtleMR’s denoising does not over-smooth images processed by the AiMIFY algorithm.

When using SubtleMR in AiMIFY post-processing, average scores difference between the original and
SubtleMR enhanced images are <= 0.5 Likert scale points for perceived SNR, Image Quality, Image

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 9
K240290

Artifact Scores. Specifically, the average SNR score difference between original and SubtleMR
enhanced images was 0.05 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.08 for Cranial Nerves, and 0.07 for Cerebellar
Folia. The average image quality/diagnostic confidence score difference between original and SubtleMR
enhanced images was 0.11 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.04 for Cranial Nerves, and -0.05 for Cerebellar
Folia. The average imaging artifacts score difference between original and SubtleMR enhanced images
was 0.11 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.14 for Cranial Nerves, and 0.05 for Cerebellar Folia.

These results demonstrate that SubtleMR’s denoising does not negatively impact perceived SNR,
perceived image quality/diagnostic confidence, or imaging artifacts in images processed by the AiMIFY
algorithm.

When evaluating for SNR improvement, the average SNR improvement was 14%, greater than the 5%

acceptance criteria established in the SubtleMR validation, indicating that Subtle MR can denoise images
processed by the AiMIFY algorithm.

Conclusion:

These results demonstrate that the AiMIFY is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
Page 10
