
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K241480
Device Name
JBS-LVO

 

Indications for Use (Describe)
JBS-LVO is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and
communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.

JBS-LVO uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical
condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image
interpretation. Identification of suspected positive findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the
device analyzes CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in the acute setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular
specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified and recommends a review of those images. Images
can be previewed through a mobile application. JBS-LVO is intended to analyze terminal ICA and MCA-M1 vessels for
LVOs.

Images that are previewed through the mobile application are compressed and for informational purposes only. They are
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The JBS-LVO device does not alter the original medical image.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in
appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or
requests. JBS-LVO is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or
relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

Limitations:
The device does not process scans containing metallic artifacts.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
 

Contact Details 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)

 

Applicant Name LK, Inc.

 

Applicant Address LK Tower, 5, Teheran-ro 33-gil Gangnam-gu Seoul n/a 06141 Korea,
[South

 

Applicant Contact Telephone (+82)1038507933

 

 

 

 

 

 

Applicant Contact Dr. Kim Dongmin

Applicant Contact Email Idmkim@jlkgroup.com

Correspondent Name Hogan Lovells

Correspondent Address (Columbia Square 555 Thirteenth Street NW Washington D/C 20004

United States

 

Correspondent Contact Telephone |(+1)2026373638

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Correspondent Contact Mr. Smith John

Correspondent Contact Email john.smith@hoganlovells.com
Device Name 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)

Device Trade Name JBS-LVO

Common Name Radiological computer aided triage and notification software

Classification Name Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And Notification Software

Regulation Number (892.2080

Product Code(s) QAS
Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code
K223042 Viz LVO QAS
K221248 Rapid LVO QAS

 

 

 

 

 

 

Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)

JBS-LVO is a radiological computer aided triage and notification (CADt) software package compliant with the DICOM standard. JBS-LVO is a
notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to analyze computed tomography angiography
(CTA) images for findings suggestive of a suspected large vessel occlusion (LVO) and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these
findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Specifically, JBS-LVO is optimized to evaluate occlusions of the intracranial
carotid artery (ICA) and proximal middle cerebral artery (MCA-M1 segment). It is important to clarify that this quantification is solely used
within the device's Al module to facilitate a refined classification process. The output provided to healthcare professionals is strictly a flag
indicating the presence (positive) of an LVO, in accordance with regulatory guidelines.

The images used to train the algorithm were sourced from datasets that included equipment from various manufacturers, such as Siemens,

 

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
Philips, Toshiba, and GE. This dataset, containing over 2,000 CT brain imaging studies, was labeled by trained radiologists to identify the
presence of LVO. The performance of the device's Al algorithms was validated in a standalone performance evaluation, utilizing an
independent dataset different from the one used for algorithm training. In this standalone performance evaluation, each case output from
the JBS-LVO device was compared with a ground truth standard which was determined by two ground truthers, with a third ground truther
intervening in cases of disagreement. All truthers were US board-certified neuroradiologists.

JBS-LVO is a combination of software modules that allow for detection and notification of patients with a suspected LVO. JBS-LVO consists of
an algorithm and mobile application software module.

The JBS-LVO Image Analysis Algorithm (LVO Detection Algorithm) is a locked, artificial intelligence (Al) software algorithm utilizing
convolutional neural network (CNN) that analyzes CTA images of the brain for a suspected LVO. The LVO Detection Algorithm is hosted on the
JLK-server and analyzes applicable CTA images of the brain that are acquired on CT scanners and are automatically transmitted to the JLK-
server. Upon detection of a suspected LVO, the LVO notification module sends a notification of the suspected finding.

The JBS-LVO notification functionality enable medical professionals and clinicians to preview compressed and informational images through
via mobile application notification. Image viewing through the mobile application interface is for informational purposes only and is not for
diagnostic use.

Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 80

 

2(ay(5

JBS-LVO is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and communicate images
of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.

JBS-LVO uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected positive
findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device analyzes CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in the acute
setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified and recommends a
review of those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile application. JBS-LVO is intended to analyze terminal ICA and MCA-M1
vessels for LVOs.

Images that are previewed through the mobile application are compressed and for informational purposes only. They are not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The JBS-LVO device does not alter the original medical image. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a
treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. JBS-LVO is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should not be used
in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

Limitations: The device does not process scans containing metallic artifacts.

Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

Viz LVO and JBS-LVO are both designed to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Since both devices are equally intended
for use as a tool for assisting study triage within existing patient pathways and they do not replace any part of the current standard of care,
there is no question about the effectiveness and safety of JBS-LVO compared to Viz LVO.

Technological Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

Both the subject and predicate devices utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning (Al/ML) algorithms to detect suspected large vessel
occlusions (LVOs) on CTA imaging of the brain in the same regions of the large vessels. Moreover, the software algorithm for the subject
device is hosted on the similar architecture, automatically receives imaging in the same DICOM format, and uses similar mechanisms as the
predicate device to identify applicable imaging for analysis. The outputs of the subject and predicate devices are the same; both devices
identify suspected LVOs and send notifications of suspected LVO findings from the same server.

The subject and predicate devices integrate the same mobile software functions and outputs, presented through the same mobile
application. Users can conveniently receive notifications for patients with suspected LVOs, view a unique list of patients with a suspected LVO
(as determined by the LVO Detection Algorithm), and examine the non-diagnostic CT scan of the patient through the JBS-LVO mobile
application. The imaging viewing of CTA scans analyzed by the subject and predicate devices are subject to the same limitations, which means
they are solely for informational purposes (for prioritization review only, i.e., triage and notification) and are not intended for diagnostic use.

Where the subject and predicate device differ is that the subject device incorporates an advanced "Critical Pathway" (CP) feature within the
JBS-LVO software system that enhances the management of clinical pathways for patient treatment. This feature is integrated into the mobile
application interface, providing users with real-time access to detailed patient care steps and facilitating effective communication among
medical staff. Unlike the predicate device, the subject device includes functionalities such as real-time updates, activity logs, and push
notifications that are not present in the predicate device's interface. These enhancements in the subject device ensure that all parties

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
involved in patient care are consistently informed and coordinated, enhancing patient outcomes. Moreover, the inclusion of these advanced
features does not introduce new safety or efficacy concerns, as confirmed by software testing which verified that the CP functionalities
operateas expected. This integration of comprehensive care management tools into the user interface thus represents a significant
advancement over the predicate device, promoting greater transparency and efficiency in patient care management. These differences do
not raise any new or different questions of safety and efficacy. As such, the JBS-LVO is considered substantially equivalent to Viz LVO.

In conclusion, JBS-LVO does not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate device Viz LVO
(K223042). Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software applications for use with CTA input. Hence, it is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)

JLK, Inc. conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification of the JBS-LVO system. This performance validation
testing demonstrated that the JBS-LVO system accurately represents key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant
parameters and perturbations associated with the intended use of the software. The documentation was provided as recommended by FDA's
Guidance for Industry and FDA staff, "Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions," June 14, 2023.

JLK, Inc. performed a standalone performance in accordance with the §892.2080 special controls to show acceptance of the clinical
performance of the JBS-LVO module. The test dataset used during the standalone performance evaluation was newly acquired, and
appropriate steps were taken to ensure it was independent of the training dataset used in model development. Performance testing is
intended to inform users about the algorithm's accuracy. As a result, we achieved the desired performance results, demonstrating that JBS-
LVO is as safe and effective as a predicate device.

A retrospective study has been conducted to assess the sensitivity and the standalone performance of the image analysis algorithm and
notification functionality of Triage LVO. Specifically, the study evaluated the Triage LVO image analysis in terms of sensitivity and specificity
with respect to ground truth, as established by US board-certified neuro-radiologists, in detecting large vessel occlusion (LVO) in the brain.

The primary endpoints, sensitivity and specificity, both exceeded 80%. Specifically, the sensitivity was 91.8% with a 95% confidence interval (Cl)
of 85.8% to 95.8%. The specificity was 92.8% with a 95% Cl of 87.2% to 96.5%. The area under the curve (AUC) was 95.6% with a 95% Cl of
93.0% to 98.1%.

The secondary endpoint involves an analysis of time-to-notification from CTA to notification for LVO-positive cases. The total CTA-to-
notification time for the JBS-LVO system ranged from 2.32 to 3.29 minutes, with a mean time of 2.95 minutes (95% Cl: 2.89 - 3.02). This
performance is comparable to the Reference device, Rapid LVO (K221248), which reported a mean time of 3.18 minutes (95% Cl: 3.11 - 3.25).
JBS-LVO successfully meets the target time-to-notification of < 3.5 minutes set by the Reference device.

Additionally, the time from CTA to notification using the JBS-LVO system successfully met the target goal.
In conclusion, JBS-LVO, which has the same intended use and exhibits substantially equivalent technological, safety, and performance

characteristics, is comparable to the legally marketed predicate device, Viz LVO (K223042). Therefore, JBS-LVO is substantially equivalent to the
selected predicate device and raises no questions regarding safety or effectiveness.
