DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241684
Device Name
Overjet Charting Assist

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

 

 

Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) intended
to detect natural dental structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth
numbering, as well as dental structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns,
endodontic treatment (previous root canal treatment), fillings.

The device is intended to assist dental professionals in producing dental charts based on image
analysis. The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA)
images for patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano)
radiographs for patients with only permanent teeth.

The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete clinician's review or clinical judgment
that considers other relevant information from the image or patient history.

This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
WOVERJET

K241684 - 510 (k) Summary

Applicant Name: Overjet, Inc

Applicant Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612

Applicant Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar

Applicant Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai

Correspondent Name: Overjet, Inc

Correspondent Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Correspondent Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612

Correspondent Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar

Correspondent Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai

Date Prepared: August 8th, 2024

Device Trade Name: Overjet Charting Assist

Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050

Product Code: QIH

Legally Marketed Predicate Device: Overjet Charting Assist

Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050

Predicate Product Code: QIH

Predicate K number: K233590

Device Description Summary

Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) device
aimed to assist dental professionals in detecting dental structures and producing dental charting data
based on interpretation of 2D dental radiographs. The device is intended to detect natural dental
structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth numbering, as well as dental
structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns, endodontic treatment (previous
root canal treatment), fillings. The device is intended to assist dental professionals in producing dental
charts based on image analysis.

The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA) images for
patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano) radiographs for
patients with only permanent teeth. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
clinician's review or clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image or
patient history.

Overjet, Inc Page 1
W OVERJET

This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

Intended Use/Indications for Use

Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) intended to
detect natural dental structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth
numbering, as well as dental structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns,
endodontic treatment (previous root canal treatment), fillings. The device is intended to assist dental
professionals in producing dental charts based on image analysis.

The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA) images for
patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano) radiographs for
patients with only permanent teeth. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
clinician's review or clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image or
patient history.

This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).
Indications for Use Comparison

The Overjet Charting Assist predicate device (K233590) and the subject Overjet Charting Assist
Device are identical except that the subject device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan
(PCCP). There are no other differences between both devices, and the device features, incorporated
models, indications for use, indicated patient population, and all other device aspects remained
unchanged. The only difference between the predicate device and the subject device is the inclusion of
a PCCP for the subject device.

Technological Comparison

The only difference in technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices is the
inclusion of a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) for the subject device.

This PCCP outlines the process for evaluating and implementing modifications, specifically aimed at
reducing false positives and false negatives based on real-world data. Modifications will be applied
manually (non-automatically) across all devices. This approach ensures that any changes enhance the
device's clinical utility and reliability while maintaining compliance with the original intended use and
performance standards.

The PCCP includes a modification protocol that details the requirements for verification and validation
activities supporting the proposed changes. The modification protocol incorporates impact assessment
considerations and specifies detailed requirements for data management, including data sources,
collection, documentation, and re-use practices. Specific requirements are in place for meeting
performance criteria, and importantly, if a specific modification fails performance evaluation, the
failure(s) will be documented as part of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process in the

Overjet, Inc Page 2
WOVERJET

form of a controlled document (report), and the modification will not be implemented. A summary of the
PCCP and modification protocol description is provided in the table below:

 

PCCP Details

Description

 

Modification Overview

Improve performance by reducing false positive
and false negative outputs based on post-market
and real-world data. Specifically, improvements
resulting from re-training the ML model with new
data.

 

Rationale

Aims to enhance clinical utility by improving the
device’s accuracy, ensuring reliable data for
precise charting, and supporting high-quality
patient care and documentation.

 

Performance Evaluation Activity

Identical to the acceptance criteria and standalone
study protocol for the pre-modified version of the
device cleared in K233590. Primary endpoints
will be the main acceptance criteria, other
endpoints and additional analyses will be
conducted and reviewed for any major drop in
performance.

Ifa specific modification fails performance
evaluation, failure(s) will be documented, and the
modification will not be implemented.

 

Implementation

The modification will be implemented manually
(non-automatic) across all devices on the market
in a uniform manner (global adaptation).

 

Impact on Indications/Intended Use

The modification will not affect the indications or
intended use of the Overjet Charting Assist
device, as cleared under K233590.

 

Release

The PCCP does not include any provisions for
implementation of adaptive algorithms that will
continuously learn in the field. In accordance with
the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be
trained, tuned, and locked prior to release of the
software to the field.

 

Instructions for Use

 

 

A procedure for updating Instructions for Use
updates has been established in order to inform
users about algorithm changes implemented under
this FDA-authorized PCCP, including a summary

 

Overjet, Inc

Page 3

 
WOVERJET

 

of the changes and a characterization of algorithm
performance. Overjet will publish and
communicate the updated Instructions for Use
with customers.

 

 

 

 

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

Since the device remains unchanged from the Overjet Charting Assist Device cleared under K233590,
no additional performance testing was conducted, and the existing data from the previous testing
remains applicable.

Both the predicate device and the Overjet Charting Assist device share the same intended purpose.The
subject and predicate devices are identical, with the only difference being a PCCP being included for
the subject device. Despite minor technological differences,which is only the inclusion of a PCCP in
this submission, these differences in technological features do not raise concerns regarding safety or
effectiveness. The verification and validation testing and predefined Acceptance Criteria set for the
standalone study are aligned with current dental practices and are deemed suitable for demonstrating
that the Overjet Charting Assist functions according to specifications, meeting user needs and intended
uses.

Conclusion
Both the predicate device and the Overjet Charting Assist device share the same intended purpose.
Despite minor technological differences, these differences in technological features do not raise

concerns regarding safety or effectiveness. Following the information reviewed as part of this 510k, it
can be concluded that the Overjet Charting Assist is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Overjet, Inc Page 4
