DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K240697

Device Name

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T)

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is a stand-alone reporting software to

assist trained medical professionals in analyzing thyroid ultrasound images of adult (>=22 years old)
patients who have been referred for an ultrasound examination.

 

Output of the device includes regions of interest (ROIs) placed on the thyroid ultrasound images
assisting healthcare professionals to localize nodules in thyroid studies. The device also outputs
ultrasonographic lexicon-based descriptors based on ACR TI-RADS. The software generates a
report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed and approved by a qualified clinician after
performing quality control.

SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound studies. The
software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the images that can be
used for generating a structured report.

Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis of analysis by See-Mode
Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
gi Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode
K240697
This "510(k) Summary" was prepared per section 807.92(c).

1. ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION

Date of Preparation: September 5, 2024

Prepared by: Sadaf Monajemi, PhD. Co-founder and Director
Manufacturer: See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.

32 Carpenter Street #03-01

Singapore 059911

SINGAPORE

Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
Tel: +61 415 952 782

www.see-mode.com

Official Contact: Dr. Sadaf Monajemi, PhD, Co-founder and Director
See-Mode Technologies
32 Carpenter Street #03-01
Singapore 059911
SINGAPORE
Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
www.see-mode.com

2. DEVICE NAME AND CLASSIFICATION

Trade/Proprietary Name: See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART:T)

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090

Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted detection and diagnosis software
Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological

Review Panel: Radiology

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QDQ/QIH

3. INTENDED USE

Localization and characterization of thyroid ultrasound images.

Page 1
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

4. INDICATIONS FOR USE

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is a stand-alone reporting
software to assist trained medical professionals in analyzing thyroid ultrasound images
of adult (>=22 years old) patients who have been referred for an ultrasound examination.

Output of the device includes regions of interest (ROIs) placed on the thyroid ultrasound
images assisting healthcare professionals to localize nodules in thyroid studies. The
device also outputs ultrasonographic lexicon-based descriptors based on ACR TI-RADS.
The software generates a report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed and
approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality control.

SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound
studies. The software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the
images that can be used for generating a structured report.

Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis of analysis by
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.

5. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is a stand-alone, web-based
image processing and reporting software for localization, characterization and reporting
of thyroid ultrasound images.

The software analyzes thyroid ultrasound images and uses machine learning algorithms
to extract specific information. The algorithms can identify and localize suspicious soft
tissue nodules and also generate lexicon-based descriptors, which are classified
according to ACR TI-RADS (composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, and echogenic foci)
with a calculated TI-RADS level according to the ACR TI-RADS chart.

SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound
studies. The software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the
images that can be used for generating a structured report.

The software then generates a report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed
and approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality control. Any information
within this report can be changed and modified by the clinician if needed during quality
control and before finalizing the report.

The software runs on a standard “off-the-shelf” computer and can be accessed within the
client web browser to perform the reporting of ultrasound images. Input data and
images for the software are acquired through DICOM-compliant ultrasound imaging
devices.

Page 2
Traditional 510k KN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The data produced by the software is intended to be used by trained medical
professionals, including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians. The
software is not intended to be used as an independent source of medical advice or to
determine or recommend a course of action or treatment for patients.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
6.1. Predicate Device

Manufacturer: TaiHao Medical Inc.

Trade Name: BU-CAD

510(k) Identifier: K210670

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090

Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software
For Lesions Suspicious For Cancer

Classification Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software
For Lesions Suspicious For Cancer

Classification Panel: Radiology

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QDQ, LLZ

Date Cleared: December 21, 2021

6.2. Tabular Comparison of Features and Specifications of the Subject
Device, Predicate Device, and Reference Device

 

 

 

     

 

 

Subject Device Predicate Device Reference Device
See-Mode Augmented BU-CAD (K210670) Koios DS (K212616)
Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T)
(K240697)

Administrative information

Regulation {21 CFR 892.2090 21 CFR 892.2090 21 CFR 892.2060
Radiological Radiological Radiological
computer-assisted detection |computer-assisted detection | computer-assisted diagnostic
and diagnosis software for _|and diagnosis software for software for lesions
lesions suspicious for cancer [lesions suspicious for cancer __|suspicious of cancer

Regulatory {Class II Class II Class II

Class

 

 

 

 

 

Page 3
Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

AYN

See-Mode

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subject Device Predicate Device Reference Device
See-Mode Augmented BU-CAD (K210670) Koios DS (K212616)
Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T)
(K240697)
Product QDQ QIH QDQ, LLZ POK, QIH
Code
510(k) K240697 K210670 K212616
Number
Intended Use
Indications |See-Mode Augmented BU-CAD is a software Koios DS is an artificial
for Use Reporting Tool, Thyroid application indicated to assist |intelligence (AI)/machine

 

(SMART-T) is a stand-alone
reporting software to assist
trained medical
professionals in analyzing
thyroid ultrasound images
of adult (>=22 years old)
patients who have been
referred for an ultrasound
examination.

Output of the device
includes regions of interest
(ROIs) placed on the thyroid
ultrasound images assisting
healthcare professionals to
localize nodules in thyroid
studies. The device also
outputs ultrasonographic
lexicon-based descriptors
based on ACR TI-RADS. The
software generates a report
based on the image analysis
results to be reviewed and
approved by a qualified
clinician after performing
quality control.

SMART-T may also be used
as a structured reporting
software for further
ultrasound studies. The
software includes tools for
reading measurements and

 

trained interpreting
physicians in analyzing the
breast ultrasound images of
patients with soft tissue
breast lesions suspicious for
breast cancer who are being
referred for further diagnostic
ultrasound examination.

Output of the device includes
regions of interest (ROIs) and
lesion contours placed on
breast ultrasound images
assisting physicians to identify
suspicious soft tissue lesions
from up to two orthogonal
views of a single lesion, and
region-based analysis of
lesion malignancy upon the
physician’s query. The
region-based analysis
indicates the score of lesion
characteristics (SLC), and
corresponding BI-RADS
categories in user-selected
ROIs or ROIs automatically
identified by the software. In
addition, BU-CAD also
automatically classifies lesion
shape, orientation, margin,
echo pattern, and posterior
features according to BI-RADS
descriptors.

 

learning (ML)-based
computer-aided diagnosis
(CADx) software device
intended for use as an
adjunct to diagnostic
ultrasound examinations of
lesions or nodules
suspicious for breast or
thyroid cancer.

Koios DS allows the user to
select or confirm regions of
interest (ROIs) within an
image representing a single
lesion or nodule to be
analyzed. The software then
automatically characterizes
the selected image data to
generate an AI/ML-derived
cancer risk assessment and
selects applicable
lexicon-based descriptors
designed to improve overall
diagnostic accuracy as well
as reduce interpreting
physician variability.

Koios DS may also be used as
an image viewer of
multi-modality digital
images, including ultrasound
and mammography. The
software includes tools that

 

 

Page 4
Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

AYN

See-Mode

 

Subject Device
See-Mode Augmented
Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T)

(K240697)

Predicate Device
BU-CAD (K210670)

Reference Device
Koios DS (K212616)

 

annotations from the images
that can be used for
generating a structured
report.

Patient management
decisions should not be
made solely on the basis of
analysis by See-Mode
Augmented Reporting Tool,
Thyroid.

BU-CAD may also be used as
an image viewer of
multi-modality digital images,
including ultrasound and
mammography. The software
includes tools that allow users
to adjust, measure and
document images, and output
into a structured report (SR).

Patient management decisions
should not be made solely on
the basis of analysis by
BU-CAD.

allow users to adjust,
measure and document
images, and output into a
structured report.

Koios DS software is
designed to assist trained
interpreting physicians in
analyzing the breast
ultrasound images of adult
(>= 22 years) female
patients with soft tissue
breast lesions and/or
thyroid ultrasounds of all
adult (>= 22 years) patients
with thyroid nodules
suspicious for cancer. When
utilized by an interpreting
physician who has
completed the prescribed
training, this device provides
information that may be
useful in recommending
appropriate clinical
management.

 

 

 

Intended Patients with thyroid Patients with soft Patients with thyroid nodules
Population {nodules tissue breast lesions suspicious for cancer

who are being referred who are being referred (Prescription only)

for ultrasound scan for ultrasound

(Prescription only) interpreting

(Prescription only)

Image Ultrasound images Ultrasound images Ultrasound images
Source
Rx only? Yes Yes Yes

 

 

 

 

 

Technological Characteristics

 

 

Page 5
Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

AYN

See-Mode

 

Subject Device
See-Mode Augmented
Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T)

(K240697)

Predicate Device
BU-CAD (K210670)

Reference Device
Koios DS (K212616)

 

 

 

 

Application |The subject device is a BU-CAD is a software system _|Koios DS is a

Description |stand-alone, web-based designed to assist users in computer-aided diagnosis
image processing and analyzing breast ultrasound (CADx) software device
reporting software for images including identification |intended for use as an
localization, characterization | of regions suspicious for breast]adjunct to diagnostic
and reporting of thyroid cancer and assessment of their }ultrasound examinations of
ultrasound images. malignancy. BU-CAD consists _|lesions or nodules

of a viewer, a lesion suspicious for breast or
The software analyzes identification module, and a thyroid cancer.
thyroid ultrasound images __|lesion analysis module.
and uses machine learning Koios DS allows the user to
algorithms to extract specific | The lesion identification select or confirm regions of
information. The algorithms |module identifies regions of _ |interest (ROIs) within an
can identify and localize interest (automated ROIs) ofa |image representing a single
suspicious soft tissue single suspicious soft tissue lesion or nodule to be
nodules and also generate lesion in up to two orthogonal |Janalyzed. Koios DS software
lexicon-based descriptors, views of breast ultrasound contains functionality for
which are classified images for assisting users in _ | automatically classifying
according to ACR TI-RADS detecting soft tissue lesions. thyroid nodules suspicious
(composition, echogenicity, | Additionally, the lesion for cancer.
shape, margin, and echogenic] identification module
foci) with a calculated generates an ROI anda lesion |The system generates an
TI-RADS category according |contour on each breast output aligned to either the
to the ACR TI-RADS chart. ultrasound image. TI-RADS or ATA classification
guidelines. The system

The software then generates |The lesion analysis module automatically generates
a report based on the image _|analyzes given ROIs of a breast |user-modifiable thyroid
analysis results to be lesion on ultrasound images, | nodule descriptors
reviewed and approved bya _|and generates a score of lesion |(Composition, Echogenicity,
qualified clinician after characteristics (SLC) interms |Shape, Margin, Echogenic
performing quality control. | of malignancy or benignity of a | Foci) and a direct,
Any information within this |lesion, BI-RADS category, and |image-derived cancer risk
report can be changedand __| BI-RADS descriptors. assessment that is translated
modified by the clinician if into an optional
needed during quality lexicon-specific (TI-RADS or
control and before finalizing ATA) modifier.
the report.

Anatomical |Thyroid Breast Thyroid and Breast

Location

Input Medical images Medical images Medical images

 

provided in a DICOM
format

 

provided in a DICOM
format

 

provided in a DICOM
format

 

 

Page 6
Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

AYN

See-Mode

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subject Device Predicate Device Reference Device
See-Mode Augmented BU-CAD (K210670) Koios DS (K212616)
Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T)
(K240697)
Output ROIs placed on thyroid ROIs and lesion Thyroid
nodules contours placed on TI-RADS lexicon descriptors
suspicious soft based on user-selected ROIs
TI-RADS lexicon descriptors |tissue lesion
TI-RADS category according
TI-RADS category according |BI-RADS lexicon descriptors _ |to the ACR TI-RADS chart
to the ACR TI-RADS chart
A region-based score Adirect, deep-learning
of lesion malignancy derived cancer risk
assessment that is translated
BI-RADS category into an optional
lexicon-specific modifier.
The software’s direct,
non-descriptor-based cancer
risk assessment is presented
as the Koios “AI Adapter” that
can be used in conjunction
with the ACR TI-RADS or ATA
guidelines for nodule risk
stratification
Breast
Categorical and continuous
outputs (confidence level
indicator) that align to
BI-RADScategories
Auto classification of
BI-RADS lexicon descriptors
(shape and orientation)
Operating Client-server technology. Client-server technology Client-server technology
Platform
Image DICOM DICOM DICOM
Format
2D viewing |Yes Yes Yes
capabilities
Image Yes Yes Yes
storage and
report
[generation

 

 

 

 

 

Page 7
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

6.3. | Comparison with Predicate and Reference Devices

Similarities

Intended Use: The intended use of SMART-T is the same as that of the legally
marketed predicate device, BU-CAD. Both are intended to be used by clinicians
interpreting radiological images to help them localize and characterize soft tissue
lesions. SMART-T and the predicate device are both intended to be used concurrently
with the reading of images and are not intended as a replacement for the review of a
clinician or their clinical judgment.

Target Population: SMART-T, BU-CAD, and Koios DS share the same intended
population. All devices are intended to be used for assisting trained interpreting
clinicians in analyzing patients with soft tissue lesions or suspicious nodules that are
being referred for diagnostic ultrasound examination.

Localization and Characterization: See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid
(SMART-T) is similar to BU-CAD, the legally marketed predicate device, in its intent
to localize soft tissue lesions in ultrasound images. While the reference Koios DS
device analyzes thyroid lesions, it relies on users to manually identify the nodules,
whereas the subject device automatically localizes the nodules.

Additionally, similar to the predicate and reference devices, the subject device
characterizes nodules based on lexicon descriptors. The subject device (SMART-T),
predicate device (BU-CAD), and reference device (Koios DS) all use established
classification systems for their ultrasonographic lexicon descriptors. They all use the
American College of Radiology Systems for describing soft tissue lesions or nodules.
The ACR atlases provide standardized imaging terminology, report organization,
assessment structure, and a classification system, which enables radiologists to
communicate results clearly and consistently. The predicate BU-CAD device uses
ACR BI-RADS for breast ultrasound images. Both SMART-T and the reference Koios
DS device use ACR TI-RADS for analyzing and reporting thyroid ultrasound images.

Both BU-CAD and SMART-T automatically localize soft tissue findings, with the
findings classified in line with lexicon descriptors. Similar to BU-CAD, our subject
device provides automatic regions of interest (ROIs), rather than manually selected,
to localize thyroid nodules. The ROI highlights the bounding box around the
detected nodules for the user to easily review and make their own assessment.

Performance Testing: When comparing clinical validation between SMART-T,
BU-CAD and Koios DS, the devices were evaluated using similar endpoints in their
clinical studies. The Area Under the Curve (AUC) shift was used when comparing the
performance of users with and without the aid of the device.

Page 8
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The number of cases evaluated in the MRMC reader study for BU-CAD was 628, the
number of cases for Koios DS was 650 and the reader study for SMART-T included
600 cases. The number of readers included in the BU-CAD reader study was 16 (14
radiologists and 2 breast surgeons), the number of readers for Koios DS was 15 (14
radiologists and 1 endocrinologist) and the number of readers for SMART-T was 18
(all radiologists).

Following the primary endpoint, the AUC shift between predicate and subject device
was similar. Similarly, the MRMC for BU-CAD showed an improvement of readers’
determination of BI-RADS descriptors (Shape, Orientation, Margin, Echo Pattern,
and Posterior Features) for at least one or more subcategories for each descriptor.
The MRMC study for SMART-T, however, showed reader improvement in all TI-RADS
descriptors (Composition, Echogenicity, Shape, Margin and Echogenic Foci).

The SMART-T MRMC reader study demonstrated substantially equivalent
performance to BU-CAD and Koios DS by showing similar study design, success
criteria and performance.

Differences

e Anatomical Regions: BU-CAD is specifically focused on breast ultrasound images,
whereas See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) analyzes thyroid
ultrasound images. This is aligned with our reference device, Koios DS, which
assesses and characterizes both breast lesions and thyroid nodules using ultrasound
image data. SMART-T localizes thyroid nodules and characterizes the nodule with
their lexicon descriptors (composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, echogenic foci)
in line with ACR TI-RADS.

e Modality: Contrary to BU-CAD and Koios DS, SMART-T only interprets ultrasound
images. SMART does not analyze mammography images or other multi-modality
digital images.

The technological characteristics of the subject device and its predicate and reference
device have been evaluated to determine equivalence. Upon reviewing and comparing
intended use, design, materials, principle of operation, and overall technological
characteristics, the subject device is determined to be substantially equivalent to predicate
and reference devices.

Both devices (subject device and predicate) have the same intended use and are indicated
for the same use. The subject device uses standard principles of operation, methods, and
algorithms for processing, measurement, and quantification of the images and is intended
to be used by trained professionals, which is similar to the predicate and reference devices.

Page 9
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data, clinical
data, and software validation data demonstrate that See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool,
Thyroid (SMART-T) is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate and reference
devices that are currently marketed for similar intended use and indications for use. The
table above provides a comparison between the proposed subject device, the predicate
device, and the reference device.

7. PERFORMANCE DATA - CLINICAL AND BENCH TESTING

The performance of our device has been validated both in an MRMC reader study and
standalone, as described below:

e Standalone Study: To evaluate the standalone performance of our device, where the
output of the models are directly compared against ground truth labels.

e@ Multi-reader Multi-Case (MRMC) Study: To compare the performance of expert
readers (radiologists) with and without the aid of our device. The study evaluated
the readers’ localization and characterisation of thyroid nodules in scenarios both
unaided and aided. In the MRMC study, we had 18 radiologists read 600 cases from
600 patients twice, once with the aid of the device and once without. There was a
one-month washout period in between the two reads.

To ensure the generalizability and satisfactory performance of our models on new, unseen
data, all cases in our MRMC study were sourced from institutions or sources not part of the
model training or development datasets. The preceding results of this study, demonstrating
the models’ success with data from novel institutions, have been presented.

The performance of the device was evaluated across different sub-groups of patient sex,
patient age, nodule size, ultrasound machine, data sources (US vs. Non-US), reader category
(US vs. Non-US), and reader experience.

Data Selection

The dataset has been collected retrospectively from thyroid ultrasound images of patients
who have been referred for an ultrasound examination. The study consisted of 600 cases
from unique patients with 74% of the data acquired from the US. The age range is
respective of the target population with an 81.5% female cohort. The ethnicity distribution
in our dataset is representative of the broader US population.

Page 10
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The cases in the dataset contained both negative and positive biopsy results with all
TI-RADS levels represented. The data is sampled such that the distribution of the data
accounts for patient sex, age, nodule size, malignancy, a priori clinical ACR TI-RADS level
and a minimum sample is present for each subgroup. The data was curated from images
sourced from accepted ultrasound systems, such as GE Healthcare, Philips Medical Systems
and Siemens Medical Systems.

The patient distribution of the dataset:

e Patient sex
o Female: 489 cases
o Male: 111 cases

e Patient age
© <30 years: 29 cases

© 30-49 years: 131 cases

© 50-69 years: 320 cases

o 70+ years: 120 cases
Reader Selection

The study consisted of 18 board-certified radiologists with experience ranging from 0 to 11
+ years. All readers were trained and used the American College of Radiology guidelines for
interpreting thyroid ultrasound studies. Each reader was asked to identify the nodule,
select TI-RADS lexicon descriptors, select TI-RADS category, and a nodule suspicion score
with and without the aid of the subject device.

Establishing ground truth

In both the standalone and the MRMC study we evaluated the performance of our software
on localisation, TI-RADS descriptors, and FNA outcomes. The ground truthing approach for
each is described below:

e Ground truth labels of benign or malignant status were assigned to the nodule for
each case, sourced from the reference standard of FNA or 2 year follow-up for
benign status.

e The ground truth labels for localisation, ACR TI-RADS lexicon descriptors, and
TI-RADS level agreement were based on the labels of two expert US-board certified
radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with the most
years of experience). This allowed for evaluating the accuracy of the readers in aided

Page 11
AYN

See-Mode

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

and unaided fashion, as well as evaluating the standalone performance of the device
in localisation and classifying nodules against ground truth labels.

Performance improvement with LROC

Given that our device is intended for both localisation and characterisation, LROC analysis
together with AULROC and LROC curves are essential for evaluating the performance of our
device.

The results of the LROC analysis are shown in the table below. We have considered IOU >
0.5 as the criterion for successful location detection in the LROC analysis. In this analysis,
the malignant cases where the detection IOU is below or equal to 0.5 are penalised as false
negative.

 

 

10U Average Aided AUC | Average Unaided AUC Standalone
Criteria (95% CI) (95% Cl) (95% Cl)
10U > 0.5 0.758 (0.711, 0.803) 0.736 (0.693, 0.780) 0.703 (0.642, 0.762)

 

 

 

 

 

To provide a comprehensive analysis and evaluate the performance of our device with
various IOU thresholds, we have obtained AULROCs for different IOU thresholds ranging
from 0.5 to 0.8 with 0.1 increments as shown in the table below. It was observed that the

 

use of the device results in an improved AULROC performance for the readers across
different IOU thresholds. Specifically, AULROC is improved significantly when applying
more rigorous IOU criteria (>0.6, >0.7, and >0.8), showing the promise of the device to
improve readers’ performance.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Average Reader AUC (95% CI)
Difference

Analysis Aided Unaided (Aided - Unaided)
AURLOC

10U>0.5 | 0.758 (0.711, 0.803) 0.736 (0.693, 0.780) 0.022 (-0.012, 0.056)

10U>0.6 | 0.734 (0.682, 0.781) 0.682 (0.632, 0.730) 0.052 (0.008, 0.093)

10U>0.7 | 0.686 (0.629, 0.740) 0.548 (0.490, 0.610) 0.138 (0.082, 0.195)

1OU > 0.8 | 0.593 (0.529, 0.658) 0.356 (0.293, 0.423) 0.237 (0.168, 0.307)

 

 

Identification and localisation of nodules

To evaluate the localisation performance of the device, we calculated the average accuracy
of the readers on localisation in aided and unaided scenarios, as well as the standalone
performance. Localisation accuracy for each reader is calculated as the number of cases

Page 12
AYN

See-Mode

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid

where the reader’s bounding box has an overlap greater than 0.5 with the ground truth,
divided by the total number of cases.

 

 

Average Aided Average Unaided | Standalone (95%
(95% CI) (95% Cl) cl)
Localisation 95.6% (94.1, 97.0) | 93.6% (92.1, 95.0) 95.1%
Accuracy

 

 

 

 

As demonstrated in the table above, the aid
the readers for localising thyroid nodules. It was also observed that the results of the
algorithm are consistent across different sub-groups.

of our device results in superior performance of

 

 

Thyroid lexicon descriptors

Aside from localisation, the other output of our device is characterisation of thyroid
nodules according to ACR TI-RADS lexicon descriptors. In the table below, we have
calculated the accuracy of the readers in determining each of the ACR TI-RADS descriptors
(composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, and echogenic foci). We have also evaluated the
standalone performance of the device on TI-RADS lexicon descriptors. As described above,
the ground truth for the TI-RADS descriptors is the consensus labels of two expert
US-board certified radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with
the most years of experience).

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TI-RAD Descriptor meres ape areca aac (95%
Composition 84.9% (82.2, 87.5) 80.4% (77.3, 83.4) 86.7%
Echogenicity 774% (74.4, 80.3) | 70.0% (67.0, 72.8) 68.2%

Shape 90.8% (88.2, 93.1) | 86.4% (83.7, 88.8) 93.4%
Margin 73.5% (70.2, 76.7) | 57.3% (53.3, 61.2) 58.4%
Echogenic Foci 75.2% (71.9, 78.5) 71.1% (67.1, 74.9) 70.3%

 

 

 

 

 

As can be seen from the table above, the device provides significant improvement and
achieves superiority for characterizing all lexicon descriptors according to ACR TI-RADS. It

Page 13
Traditional 510k KN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

was also observed that the results of the algorithm are consistent across different
sub-groups.

Attaining superiority across all TI-RADS descriptors is a strong proof point for the
performance of our device, as it aligns with its primary function and intended use
according to the ACR TI-RADS guideline.

TI-RADS level agreement

The accuracy of TI-RADS (TR) levels is critical as it directly informs clinical decisions
regarding patient management according to the ACR TI-RADS guideline. To evaluate the
impact of our device on TR level agreement, we have compared the overall TR level
agreement percentage of each of the readers against the ground truth in both aided and
unaided scenarios. As described above, the ground truth for the TI-RADS descriptors and,
therefore the TR level, is based on the consensus labels of two expert US-board certified
radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with the most years of
experience).

To further evaluate the level of agreement, we also calculated the agreement for each TR
level (TR-1 to TR-5). The agreement percentage for each TR level for each reader is
calculated by dividing the number of cases where a reader’s TR level matches the ground
truth TR level by the total number of cases with that specific TR level. The average TR level
agreement is then calculated as the average over all the readers.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TILRADS Average Aided Average Unaided | Standalone (95%
(95% Cl) (95% Cl) cy
Overall 60.0% (56.8, 63.3) | 51.1% (47.8,54.5) | 63-8 (60.0, 67.7)
TR-1 59.0% (42.3, 74.9) | 52.9% (37.3, 68.3) | 61.9 (40.0, 82.6)
TR-2 38.1% (31.1, 45.6) | 31.2% (24.6, 38.1) | 41.1 (31.7, 50.4)
TR-3 68.9% (62.6, 74.9) | 58.8% (52.2, 65.4) | 71.7 (64.9, 78.3)
TR-4 61.4% (56.5, 66.3) | 52.1% (47.2,57.0) | 65.5 (59.1, 71.6)
TR-5 71.3% (61.8, 80.5) | 62.0% (52.2, 71.5) | 77.0 (66.1, 87.3)

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 14
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The table above highlights a significant improvement in TR level agreement among readers
with the use of the device. It is important to note that TR level agreement has been
improved across all TR levels, from TR-1 to TR-5, with particularly significant gains at
higher TR levels (TR-3, TR-4, and TR-5). Notably, these higher TR levels (TR-3 to TR-5) are
the levels that are of high clinical importance with follow-up or FNA considerations. It was
also observed that the results of the algorithm are consistent across different sub-groups.

Subgroup analysis

Subgroup analysis of patient sex (female, male), patient age (<30, 30-49, 50-69, 70+),
nodule size (<10mm, 10-15mm, 15-20mm, 20-25mm, >=25mm), ultrasound machine (GE,
Philips, Samsung, Siemens, Canon/Toshiba), reader category (US/Canada, Non-US/Canada),
reader experience (0-3 years, 4-7 years, 8-10 years, >=11 years), and source of data (US,
non-US) from the MRMC reader study were performed. The readers aided by SMART-T
achieved consistent performance across all of the subgroups.

Conclusion

The results of our MRMC reader study shows improvement in reader performance with the
aid of our device. Based on these results it was observed that the use of the device results in
superior performance of the readers on nodule localisation, TI-RADS lexicon
characterisation, and TR level agreement. The use of the device can also improve the
performance of the readers with regards to malignancy and benignity status.

The standalone performance of the device is also on-par with the aided use of our device,
indicating the validity of our algorithms. The outputs of our study are in line with the
intended use of See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.

8. NON-CLINICAL DATA

The design and development of SMART-T has been implemented according to recognised
standards. See-Mode Technologies has performed software verification and validation
testing for the subject device according to the FDA's guidance document “Content of
Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions,’ as well as “IEC 62304:2006/AC:
2015 - Medical Device Software - Software Lifecycle Processes”. Special Controls were
added according to 21 CFR 892.2090, “DEN180005 Evaluation of automatic class III
designation for OsteoDetect - Decision summary with special controls”.

Page 15,
Traditional 510k VAAN

See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid See-Mode

The risk analysis was completed and the hazard risk analysis has been submitted as part of
this application. It has been observed that all the risks identified with the subject device are
acceptable and have been reduced as far as possible in accordance with ISO 14971:2019
Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices.

9. CONCLUSIONS

A detailed analysis has been conducted between See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool,
Thyroid (SMART-T) and its predicate and reference devices. It is noted that no new
additional questions of safety and effectiveness are raised by these technologies. Through
reviewing the similarities and differences of the intended use, technological characteristics
and principles of operation, as well as assessing the clinical and non-clinical performance
data, See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is as safe, as effective and
performs as well as the predicate and reference devices.

Page 16
