
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K241582
Device Name

Aplio i900/i800/4700 Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Software V7.0

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Diagnostic Ultrasound System Aplio i900 Model TUS-AI900, Aplio i800 Model TUS-AI800 and Aplio i700 Model
TUS-AI700 are indicated for the visualization of structures, and dynamic processes with the human body using ultrasound
and to provide image information for diagnosis in the following clinical applications: fetal, abdominal, intra-operative
(abdominal), pediatric, small organs (thyroid, breast and testicle), trans-vaginal, trans-rectal, neonatal cephalic, adult
cephalic, cardiac (both adult and pediatric), peripheral vascular, transesophageal, musculo-skeletal (both conventional and
superficial), laparoscopic and Thoracic/Pleural. This system provides high-quality ultrasound images in the following
modes B mode, M mode, Continuous Wave, Color Doppler, Pulsed Wave Doppler , Power Doppler and Combination
Doppler, as well as Speckle-tracking, Tissue Harmonic Imaging, Combined Modes, Shear wave, Elastography, and
Acoustic attenuation mapping. This system is suitable for use in hospital and clinical settings by physicians or legally
qualified persons who have received the appropriate training.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

 

 

 

 

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) EF

 

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
Canon

CANON MEDICAL SYSTEMS USA, INC. Made For life

K241582
510(k) SUMMARY

1. SUBMITTER’S NAME
Fumiaki Teshima
Sr. Manager, Quality Assurance Dept.
Quality, Safety and Regulation Center
Canon Medical Systems Corporation
1385 Shimoishigami
Otawara-shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

2. ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION
9614698

3. OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT PERSON
Yoshiaki Cook
Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc.
2441 Michelle Drive
Tustin, CA 92780
ycook@us.medical.canon
+1 (657) 270-5595

4. DATE PREPARED
May 31, 2024

5. DEVICE NAME/TRADE NAME
Aplio i900/i800/i700 Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Software V7.0

6. COMMON NAME
System, Diagnostic Ultrasound

7. DEVICE CLASSIFICATION
Class II
Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System — Product Code: IYN [per 21 CFR 892.1550]
Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System — Product Code: IYO [per 21 CFR 892.1560]
Diagnostic Ultrasonic Transducer — Product Code: ITX [per 21 CFR 892.1570]
Medical Image Management and Processing System — Product Code: QIH [per 21 CFR 892.2050]

 

Page 1of 8

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
8. PREDICATE DEVICE

 

 

 

Product Marketed by 510(k) Number | Clearance Date
Aplio i900/i800/i700 Diagnostic | Canon Medical K223017 March 31, 2023
Ultrasound System, Software Systems USA, Inc.

V7.0

 

 

 

 

 

9. REASON FOR SUBMISSION
Modification of a cleared device.

10. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Aplio i900 Model TUS-AI900, Aplio i800 Model TUS-AI800 and Aplio i700 Model TUS-AI700,
V7.0 are mobile diagnostic ultrasound systems. These systems are Track 3 devices that employ a
wide array of probes including flat linear array, convex, and sector array with frequency ranges
between approximately 2MHz to 33MHz.

11. INDICATIONS FOR USE
The Diagnostic Ultrasound System Aplio i900 Model TUS-AI900, Aplio i800 Model TUS-AI800, and
Aplio i700 Model TUS-AI700 are indicated for the visualization of structures, and dynamic
processes with the human body using ultrasound and to provide image information for diagnosis in
the following clinical applications: fetal, abdominal, intra-operative (abdominal), pediatric, small
organs (thyroid, breast and testicle), trans-vaginal, trans-rectal, neonatal cephalic, adult cephalic,
cardiac (both adult and pediatric), peripheral vascular, transesophageal, musculo-skeletal (both
conventional and superficial), laparoscopic and Thoracic/Pleural. This system provides high-quality
ultrasound images in the following modes: B mode, M mode, Continuous Wave, Color Doppler,
Pulsed Wave Doppler, Power Doppler and Combination Doppler, as well as Speckle-tracking, Tissue
Harmonic Imaging, Combined Modes, Shear wave, Elastography, and Acoustic attenuation
mapping. This system is suitable for use in hospital and clinical settings by physicians or legally
qualified persons who have received the appropriate training.

12. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
The Aplio i900 Model TUS-AI900, Aplio i800 Model TUS-AI800, and Aplio i700 Model TUS-AI700,
V7.0 are substantially equivalent to the Aplio i900/i800/i700, Diagnostic Ultrasound System, V7.0
(K223017). The subject devices employ the same fundamental scientific technology as the
predicate devices and function in a manner similar to and are intended for the same use as the
predicate devices. The subject devices include improvements to existing features and functionality.
This submission includes details which demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the improved
features, to those currently cleared with the predicate device.

e The subject Aplio i900/i800/i700, V7.0 and predicate Aplio i900/i800/i700, V7.0 have the
same Clinical intended use and use the same imaging modes

e The transducers supported by the subject and predicate Aplio i900/i800/i700 systems are
identical

© The software features supported in the subject Aplio i900/i800/i700, V7.0 and predicate
Aplio i900/i800/i700, V7.0 are identical except for the following improvements to features
or functionality available with predicate Aplio i900/i800/i700, V7.0

Page 2 of 8

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
o Auto Plane Detection, which introduces a deep learning method to the existing 2D
Wall Motion Tracking (WMT) feature for the automatic selection of appropriate
candidate cardiac views (A4C/A2C/A3C/SAX)
© Quick Strain, which operates in conjunction with Auto Plane Detection to enable
2D WMT LV to be launched simultaneously for A4C, A3C, and A2C cardiac views
o Auto LVOT, an improvement to existing non-Al Doppler trace measurement
methods, by introducing a deep learning method to trace LVOT Doppler
waveforms
o Auto AoV, an improvement to existing non-Al Doppler trace measurement
methods, by introducing a deep learning method to trace AV Doppler waveforms
o 2D WNMTRYV, which enables the expansion of existing Wall Motion Tracking
functionality for the right ventricle
o 2D WMTRA, which enables the expansion of existing Wall Motion Tracking
functionality for the right atrium
14. SAFETY
The subject devices are designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as
outlined in 21 CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. These devices are in conformance with the
applicable parts of the ANSI AAMI ES60601-1:2005/(R)2012 & A1:2012, C1:2009/(R)2012 &
A2:2010/(R)2012(Cons. Text) [Incl. AMD2:2021], IEC 60601-1-2 (2020), IEC 60601-2-37 (2015), IEC
62304 (2015), IEC 62359 (2017) and ISO 10993-1 (2018) standards.

15. TESTING
Risk Analysis and verification and validation activities demonstrate that the established
specifications for these devices have been met. Additional performance testing included in the
submission was conducted in order to demonstrate that the requirements for the improved
features were met. The results of all these studies demonstrate that the improved features meet
established specifications and perform as intended and in accordance with labeling.

FDA guidance document “Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and
Transducers”, issued February 21, 2023, was referenced for this submission, and software
documentation appropriate for the Basic Documentation Level, per the FDA guidance document,
“Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” issued on June 14, 2023, was
included in this submission.

Additionally, cybersecurity documentation, per the FDA guidance document “Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions”, issued
on September 27, 2023, was included in this submission.

Testing of this device was conducted in accordance with the applicable standards published by the
International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) for Medical Devices and UL systems.

Validation of improved Al/ML based features:

The data used for the performance testing of these improved features was entirely independent
and sequestered from the data used for training and was acquired from U.S. clinical patients with
the predicate device, identical to the subject device in terms of data acquisition functionality.

To validate the performance of these features, predefined inclusion criteria were established to
obtain data sets that were representative of the U.S. intended use population with respect to
demographic characteristics, including representative BMI and disease severity ranges. A
sufficient sampling of important subgroups to support generalizability was present in the test data

Page 3 of 8

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
set used for each feature. Ground Truth was established by three clinical sonographers with
qualifications and clinical experience representative of intended users of these features in the
U.S., using existing, 510(k) cleared predicate functionality to establish a baseline against which the
performance of the improved Al/ML based features were evaluated. All predefined acceptance
criteria for performance were passed, demonstrating the substantial equivalence by the improved
features relative to the existing features upon which they were predicated, while simultaneously
enabling workflow improvements. Age, gender, BMI and disease severity were evaluated as
potential confounders and/or effect modifiers on the performance of these features. An analysis
of these subgroups demonstrated that none of the subgroups presented as confounders or effect
modifiers on the performance of the improved features, supporting the generalizability of the
features to the U.S. intended use population.

Auto Plane Detection:

Auto Plane Detection was evaluated to demonstrate that the results of its selection of candidate
cardiac chamber views are substantially equivalent to cardiac chamber views selected by three
clinical sonographers with qualifications and expertise representative of U.S. intended users.

The acceptance criteria established for this evaluation required that the views automatically
selected by this feature, compared to those manually selected by the sonographers demonstrated
more than 90% agreement for each of the four evaluated chamber views (A4C/A3C/A2C/SAX).
Auto Plane Detection achieved these criteria for each of the four views, with an average pass rate
of 97% across these four views. A subgroup analysis by binary logistics regression demonstrated
that none of the evaluated variables imparted a significant effect on the performance of Auto
Plane Detection. These results demonstrate that this feature can detect the A4C, A3C, A2C and
SAX with a more than 90% success rate and that the subgroups represented in the test data set do
not present as confounders and/or effect modifiers on the performance of the feature.

Validation data details:
Demographic distribution This study included representative images
from 50 patients selected from among
previously acquired data
e Gender: roughly equivalent number of
males and females
e Age: Ranging from 20-98 years old
e Ethnicity (Country): USA
© BMI: ranging from 16.4-71.6 kg/m?,
equally distributed across
underweight or healthy, overweight,
and obese categories
e Disease severity: normal, mildly
abnormal, moderately abnormal, and
severely abnormal categories of left
ventricle ejection fraction equivalently
represented
Data collection Images from 239 demographically diverse
patients acquired over a two-month period at
a U.S. clinical site.
Truthing Method A licensed sonographer selected
representative images for each of the four
evaluated chamber views (A4C/A3C/A2C/SAX)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 4 of 8

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
 

and two different licensed sonographers
independently identified the cardiac view for
all selected images, with any discrepancies
resolved by consensus among the three.

 

 

 

Quick Strain:

Quick Strain was evaluated to demonstrate time savings compared to the existing workflow
(conventional Wall Motion Tracking for A4C, A2C, and A3C views), while maintaining equivalent
wall motion tracking results for the outputs of EDV, ESV, EF and GLS. This study evaluated
operation time by 2-way ANOVA analysis, inter-operator variability by Inter Correlation
Coefficient (ICC), and analyzed EDV, ESV, EF and GLS results by the Normalized Root Mean square
(NRMSE) between the conventional workflow and subject function. The acceptance criteria
established for these evaluated parameters were a reduced operation time by Quick Strain with a
significance level of 5%, all ICC(2,1) values by Quick Strain greater than 0.75, and calculated
NRMSE for EDV, ESV, EF and GLS by three clinical sonographers of less than 10%. All prespecified
performance criteria were passed by Quick Strain which achieved an average 68% reduction in
operation time, demonstrated minimal inter-operator variability by adoption of two-way random
effects, absolute agreement, single rater/measurement for ICC, and calculated NRMSE results for
EDV, ESV, EF and GLS within 10% of the results using existing workflow. A subgroup analysis
performed by multiple linear regression demonstrated that none of the evaluated variables
impart a significant effect on the performance of Quick Strain. From these results, it was
demonstrated that Quick Strain can shorten exam time while producing substantially equivalent
results as predicate functionality and that the subgroups represented in the test data set do not
present as confounders and/or effect modifiers on the performance of Quick Strain.

Validation data details:
Demographic distribution This study included images from 50 patients
selected from among previously acquired data

 

e Gender: roughly equivalent number of
males and females

e Age: Ranging from 20-98 years old

e Ethnicity (Country): USA

© BMI: ranging from 16.4-71.6 kg/m?,
equally distributed across
underweight or healthy, overweight,
and obese categories

e Disease severity: normal, mildly
abnormal, moderately abnormal, and
severely abnormal categories of left
ventricle ejection fraction equivalently
represented

Data collection Images from 239 demographically diverse

patients acquired over a two-month period at

a U.S. clinical site.

Truthing Method Ground truth was established by the median

of manual measurement results taken by

three licensed sonographers using the

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 5 of 8

 

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
 

predicate method (the existing 2D WMT LV
feature, without the Quick Strain
improvement)

 

 

 

Auto LVOT:

Auto LVOT was evaluated to demonstrate a time savings by enabling a deep learning method to
detect left ventricular outflow tract (LVOT) Doppler waveforms, while producing equivalent trace
measurement results as the existing workflow, which requires manual tracing of the LVOT
Doppler waveform. This study evaluated operation time by 2-way ANOVA analysis, inter-operator
variability by Inter Correlation Coefficient (ICC), and analyzed results by the Normalized Root
Mean Square (NRMSE) between the conventional workflow and subject function. The acceptance
criteria established for these evaluated parameters were a reduced operation time by Auto LVOT
with a significance level of 5%, all ICC(2,1) values by Auto LVOT greater than 0.75, and calculated
NRMSE results by three clinical sonographers of less than 10%. In passing all prespecified
performance criteria, Auto LVOT demonstrated an average 78% reduction in operation time (3
consecutive heart cycles), minimal inter-operator variability by two-way random effects, absolute
agreement, single rater/measurement for ICC, and calculated NRMSE results by each of the three
sonographers within 10% of the results using existing workflow. A subgroup analysis by multiple
linear regression demonstrated that none of the evaluated variables impart a significant effect on
the performance of Auto LVOT. From these results, it was demonstrated that Auto LVOT can
shorten exam time while producing substantially equivalent results as predicate functionality and
that the subgroups represented in the test data set do not present as confounders and/or effect
modifiers on the performance of Auto LVOT.

Validation data details:
Demographic distribution This study included representative images
from 45 patients selected from among
previously acquired data
e Gender: roughly equivalent number of
known males and females*
e Age: Ranging from 36-89 years old*
e Ethnicity (Country): USA
© BMI: ranging from 18.8-71.6 kg/m?,
equally distributed across
underweight or healthy, overweight,
and obese categories
e Disease severity: normal, low severity,
and high severity categories of LVOT
velocity time integral range
equivalently represented
Data collection Images from 239 demographically diverse
patients acquired over a two-month period at
a U.S. clinical site.
Truthing Method Ground truth was established by the median
of manual LVOT measurement results taken by
three licensed sonographers
* Due to data anonymization practices during acquisition, the age and gender of 20 patients was
unavailable.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 6 of 8

 

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
Auto AoV:

Auto AoV was evaluated to demonstrate a time savings by enabling a deep learning method to
detect aortic valve (AV) Doppler waveforms, while producing equivalent trace measurement
results as the existing workflow, which requires manual tracing of the AV Doppler waveform. This
study evaluated operation time by 2-way ANOVA analysis, inter-operator variability by Inter
Correlation Coefficient (ICC), and analyzed results by the Normalized Root Mean Square (NRMSE)
between the conventional workflow and subject function. The acceptance criteria established for
these evaluated parameters were a reduced operation time by Auto AoV with a significance level
of 5%, all ICC(2,1) values by Auto AoV greater than 0.75, and calculated Doppler trace
measurement results by three clinical sonographers of less than 10%. All prespecified
performance criteria were passed with demonstration by Auto AoV of an average 71% reduction
in operation time (3 consecutive heart cycles), minimal inter-operator variability by two-way
random effects, absolute agreement, single rater/measurement for ICC, and calculated NRMSE
results by each of the three sonographers within 10% of the results using existing workflow. A
subgroup analysis by multiple linear regression model demonstrated that none of the evaluated
variables impart a significant effect on the performance of Auto AoV. From these results, it was
demonstrated that Auto AoV can shorten exam time while producing substantially equivalent
results as predicate functionality and that the subgroups represented in the test data set do not
present as confounders and/or effect modifiers on the performance of Auto AoV.

Validation data details:
Demographic distribution This study included representative images
from 45 patients selected from among
previously acquired data
e Gender: roughly equivalent number of
known males and females*
e Age: Ranging from 36-89 years old*
e Ethnicity (Country): USA
© BMI: ranging from 18.8-71.6 kg/m?,
equally distributed across
underweight or healthy, overweight,
and obese categories
e Disease severity: normal, low severity,
and high severity categories of AV
velocity time integral range
equivalently represented
Data collection Images from 239 demographically diverse
patients acquired over a two-month period at
a U.S. clinical site.
Truthing Method Ground truth was established by the median
of manual AV measurement results taken by
three licensed sonographers
* Due to data anonymization practices during acquisition, the age and gender of 21 patients was
unavailable.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 7 of 8

--- Page 12 (OCR) ---
16. CONCLUSION
The Aplio i900 Model TUS-AI900, Aplio i800 Model TUS-AI800, and Aplio i700 Model TUS-AI700,
V7.0 are substantially equivalent to the Aplio i900/i800/i700, Diagnostic Ultrasound System, V7.0,
K223017. The subject devices function in a manner similar to and are intended for the same use
as the predicate devices, as described in labeling. The evidence provided in this submission
demonstrate that Aplio i900/i800/i700, Diagnostic Ultrasound System, V7.0 are safe and effective
for their intended use and perform with substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.

Page 8 of 8
