DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES.
Food and Drug Administration

Indications for Use

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K241098

 

Device Name

 

NeuroQuant

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

 

be compared to reference percentile data.

 

NeuroQuant is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric measurements may

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated

to average 79 hours per response, including the

time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

 

 
5060 Shoreham Place
Ste 240, San Diego, CA

Cortechs.ai

K241098

 

510(k) Summary: NeuroQuant

 

 

1. Submitter
Name: CorTechs Labs, Inc
Address: 5060 Shoreham Place, Ste 240

San Diego, CA 92122

 

Contact Person:

Kora Marinkovic

 

Telephone Number:

(858) 459-9700

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fax Number: (858) 459-9705
E-mail: koram@cortechslabs.com
Date Prepared: 8/21/2024
. Device
Device Trade Name: NeuroQuant

 

Common Name:

Medical Image Processing Software

 

Classification Name:

System, Image Processing, Radiological

 

Regulation Number:

21 CFR 892.2050

 

Regulation Description:

Medical image management and processing system

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Product Code: QIH, LLZ
Classification Panel: Radiology

. Predicate Device
Device: NeuroQuant
510(k) Number K170981
Manufacturer CorTechs Labs, Inc
Product Code: LLZ

 

 

el OD
5060 Shoreham Place

Cortechs.ai sto 280, Gon Dineen GA

 

el OD

NeuroQuant is a fully automated MR imaging post-processing software medical device that
provides automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain structures and
lesions from a set of MR images and returns segmented images and morphometric reports.

4. Device Description

NeuroQuant provides morphometric measurements of brain structures based on a 3D T1 MRI
series. The optional use of the T2 FLAIR MR series and T2* GRE/SWI series allows for additional
quantification of T2 FLAIR hyperintense lesions and T2* GRE/SWI hypointense lesions.

The device is used by medical professionals in imaging centers, hospitals, and other healthcare
facilities as well as by clinical researchers. When used clinically, the output must be reviewed by
a radiologist or neuroradiologist. The results are typically forwarded to the referring physician,
most commonly a neurologist. The device is a “Prescription Device” and is not intended to be
used by patients or other untrained individuals.

From a workflow perspective, the device is packaged as a computing appliance that is capable
of supporting DICOM standard input and output. NeuroQuant supports data from all major MRI
manufacturers and a variety of field strengths. For best results, scans should be acquired using
specified protocols provided by CorTechs Labs.

As part of processing, the data is corrected by NeuroQuant for image acquisition artifacts,
including gradient nonlinearities and bias field inhomogeneity, to improve overall image quality.
Next, image baseline intensity levels for gray and white matter are identified and corrected for
scanner variability. The scan is then aligned with the internal anatomical atlas by a series of
transformations. Probabilistic methods and neural network models are then used to label each
voxel with an anatomical structure based on location and signal intensities.

Output of the software provides values as numerical volumes, and images of derived data as
grayscale intensity maps and as color overlays on top of the anatomical image. The outputs are
provided in standard DICOM format as image series and reports that can be displayed on many
commercial DICOM workstations.

The software is designed without the need for a user interface after installation. Any processing
errors are reported either in the output series error report or system log files.

The software can provide data on age and gender-matched normative percentiles. The default
reference percentile data for NeuroQuant comprises normal population data.

The device provides DICOM Storage capabilities to receive MRI series in DICOM format from
an external source, such as an MRI scanner or PACS server. The device provides transient data
storage only. If additional scans from other time points are available, the software can perform
change analysis.

5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

NeuroQuant is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric measurements
may be compared to reference percentile data.
Cortechs.ai

5060 Shoreham Place
Ste 240, San Diego, CA

 

6. Comparison to Predicate Device

Summary Comparison Table for the device and predicate device (K170981):

 

Device Name

NeuroQuant (Predicate, K170981)

NeuroQuant (Current Submission)

 

Classification

Class Il

Class Il

 

Product Code

LLZ

QIH, LLZ

 

Indications for
Use

Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
quantification of segmentable brain structures
and lesions from a set of MR images.
Volumetric data may be compared to reference
percentile data

Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
quantification of segmentable brain structures
and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric
data may be compared to reference percentile
data

 

 

 

 

Design and + Automated measurement of brain tissue + Automated measurement of brain tissue

Incorporated volumes and structures and lesions volumes and structures and lesions

Technology + Automatic segmentation and quantification of |* Automatic segmentation and quantification of
brain structures using a dynamic probabilistic brain structures and lesions using a dynamic
neuroanatomical atlas, with age and gender probabilistic neuroanatomical atlas, with age
specificity, based on the MR image intensity and gender specificity, based on the MR image

intensity and static deep-learning technologies

Physical + Software package + Software package

characteristics |* Operates on off-the-shelf hardware (multiple {+ Operates on off-the-shelf hardware (multiple
vendors) vendors)

Operating Supports Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. Supports Linux, Mac OS X and Windows.

System

Processing Automated internal pipeline that performs: Automated internal pipeline that performs:

Architecture - artifact correction - artifact correction

- segmentation

- lesion quantification
- volume calculation
- report generation

- segmentation

- lesion quantification
- volume calculation
- report generation

 

Data Source

MRI scanner: 3D T1 and T2 FLAIR MRI scans
acquired with specified protocols
NeuroQuant Supports DICOM format as input

+ MRI scanner: 3D T1 and T2 FLAIR and T2*
GRE / SWI MRI scans acquired with specified
protocols

NeuroQuant Supports DICOM format as input

 

 

 

Output + Provides volumetric measurements of brain + Provides volumetric measurements of brain
structures and lesions structures and lesions
* Includes segmented color overlays and + Includes segmented color overlays and
morphometric reports morphometric reports
+ Automatically compares results to reference _|* Automatically compares results to reference
percentile data and to prior scans when percentile data and to prior scans when
available available
* Supports DICOM format as output of results |* Supports DICOM format as output of results
that can be displayed on DICOM workstations that can be displayed on DICOM workstations
and Picture Archive and Communications and Picture Archive and Communications
Systems Systems
Safety Automated quality control functions: Automated quality control functions:

 

- Tissue contrast check

- Scan protocol verification

- Atlas alignment check

Results must be reviewed by a trained physician

- Tissue contrast check

- Scan protocol verification

- Atlas alignment check

Results must be reviewed by a trained physician

 

 

el OD

 
5060 Shoreham Place

Cortechs.ai sto 280, Gon Dineen GA

 

@) ©
Similarities between NeuroQuant and NeuroQuant (Predicate K170981) software

Both devices are post-processing software applications for analysis of MR imaging data
Both devices have the ability to perform volumetric quantification of MR imaging data

Both devices offer the ability to compare medical images and/or multiple time points

Both enable visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared
disjointedly

Both devices have the ability to report derived imaging metrics

e Both devices are intended for use on anatomical MR images to provide volumetric
quantification of brain structures.

Differences between NeuroQuant and NeuroQuant (Predicate K170981) software

e Addition of T2* GRE / SWI MRI as a data source
e Addition of static deep-learning technologies

7. Verification and Validation

NeuroQuant software was tested in accordance with CorTechs verification and validation (V&V)
processes. All product and engineering specifications were verified and validated. Software V&V
testing was conducted, and documentation was provided at the documentation level as
recommended for premarket submissions for software devices in the FDA’s “Content of
Premarket Submission for Device Software Functions” guidance document.

Verification and Validation tests have been performed to address the intended use, the
technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications, and the risk management
results.

The V&V and performance data were provided in support of safety and effectiveness for the
substantial equivalence determination.

NeuroQuant verification and validation testing included:

1) objective unit testing comparing the software-derived values to the known ground truth values,
2) system testing to verify that the RGB Overlays and Reports are correctly generated when
compatible anatomical images are input to NeuroQuant, and

3) Clinical validation testing to ensure that the RGB Overlays and Reports are correct, meet
clinical expectations, and are safe and effective.

Testing performed demonstrated that NeuroQuant meets all defined functionality requirements
and performance claims.

The test results demonstrate that NeuroQuant complies with the international and FDA-
recognized consensus standards and FDA guidance documents listed in the Premarket
Submission, meets the acceptance criteria, and is adequate for its intended use and
specifications.
5060 Shoreham Place

Cortechs.ai sto 280, Gon Dineen GA

 

el OD

In this NeuroQuant software, three deep-learning models were included: Brain Segmentation;
FLAIR Lesion Segmentation; and MCH Segmentation.

Performance testing was designed specifically to ensure the robustness, generalizability, and
accuracy of the models, as described below.

8. Performance Testing

Brain Segmentation Model

The NeuroQuant Brain Segmentation Model was evaluated using the Dice Similarity Coefficient
(DSC) as the primary performance metric. The model's performance was assessed against the
predicate device and meets the acceptance criteria for accuracy and reproducibility.

The model was trained on a diverse dataset of 1,473 3D T1-weighted MRI series from over 16
institutions, encompassing a wide range of scanner protocols, field strengths, manufacturers,
and scanner models. The test set comprised 30 patients with a gender distribution of 47% female
and 53% male, aged 20-40 years. By utilizing a separate dataset for testing, independence
between training and test data was ensured. Both datasets were curated to represent the diverse
patient population across the United States, with no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.

FLAIR Segmentation Model

The NeuroQuant FLAIR Lesion Segmentation Model demonstrated strong performance,
achieving a mean Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 0.70 with a standard deviation of 0.14,
surpassing the acceptance criteria in comparison to the predicate device of mean DSC 2 0.50
and standard deviation < 0.18. This model was specifically designed to identify FLAIR
hyperintensities, which may be caused by conditions such as multiple sclerosis, microvascular
ischemic disease, or vasogenic edema.

The model was developed using a training set of 340 T1 and FLAIR MRI series from 22
institutions, incorporating various scan protocols, MRI scanner models, and field strengths. The
test set comprised 63 patients, with a gender distribution of 67% female and 33% male, ranging
in age from 25 to 87 years. Test data was acquired across Philips, GE, and Siemens scanners.
To ensure independence between training and test data, a stratified sampling method was
employed for an 80%/20% train/test split. Both datasets were curated to represent the diverse
patient population across the United States, with no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.

MCH Detection Model

The MCH Detection Model in NeuroQuant exhibited robust performance, achieving a median F1
Score of 0.60, which exceeded the acceptance criteria of 2 0.51. This model was developed to
detect cerebral hypointensities associated with blood products, such as cerebral microbleeds
and superficial siderosis, which may be caused by conditions including vascular disease,
cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA), and anti-amyloid therapy (ARIA-H).

The model was trained on 463 2D T2*GRE/SWI MRI series from over 68 institutions,
encompassing a wide range of scanner protocols, manufacturers, and models. The test set
included 117 patients, with a gender distribution of 42% female and 58% male, spanning ages
from 21 to over 81 years. The racial distribution of the combined dataset was 87.8% White, 2.9%
. 5060 Shoreham Place
Cortechs.ai sto 280, Gon Dineen GA

 

Black, 1.8% More than One, 1.5% Asian, and 5.7% No Data. Test data was acquired using
Philips, GE, and Siemens scanners. Independence between training and test data was ensured
through a stratified sampling method for an 80%/20% train/test split, with a power analysis
conducted to determine the minimum sample size required for statistical significance. Both
datasets were curated to represent the diverse patient population across the United States, with
no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.

9. Conclusions

The testing summarized above shows that the device is as safe, as effective and performs as
well as the predicate device, and as well as gold standard - computer-aided expert manual
segmentation.

By virtue of its physical characteristics and intended use, NeuroQuant is substantially equivalent
to its predicate device, and its technological improvements do not raise new questions of safety
and effectiveness.
