 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K233998
Device Name

TRAQinform 1Q

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides a quantitative TRAQinform Report on lesions identified as
Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted, and reported on per local
practice prior to device use.

Clinicians responsible for patient care and for ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to locally reported image
interpretation do not interact directly with the device. Clinicians responsible for local image interpretation do not interact
with the device and generate their reporting before and independently of the TRAQinform Report.

The TRAQinform Report is generated by the device manufacturer and signed by a U.S. board certified physician
responsible for supervising central report generation and qualified to practice nuclear radiology/medicine. The
TRAQinform Report is for use by trained medical professionals including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear
radiologists/physicians, medical imaging technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

TRAQinform IQ software contains the following functionalities:
+ Automated matching of ROI between previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images.
+ In order to perform automated matching of ROI and quantitative analysis of previously performed CT and PET/CT
DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images, the software initially performs the following functions:
* Machine learning skeletal and anatomic structure segmentation.
* Threshold-based ROI identification and contouring.
+ Automated quantitative analysis to assess previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical
images, including: change in total volume and density of each identified ROI, and change in Fludeoxyglucose F18
(FDG) tracer uptake of each identified ROI among images.
* Generation of images of the anatomy combined with spatial and quantitative information, including computed
classification of quantitative FDG ROI changes.

For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with partial or whole-
body PET/CT acquired following administration of FDG per approved drug prescribing information and with the second
FDG administration separated from the first by a period not to exceed 12 months.

 

For single-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with partial or whole-
body PET/CT following administration of FDG, a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a SSTR-targeted PET drug per approved
drug prescribing information.

Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting have been investigated and use of TRAQinform IQ
has not been established for binary patient level progression or non-progression decisions without multidisciplinary
review. Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting that could impact patient care should
therefore prompt consultation with subject matter experts (for example, in tumor board), with a patient-centered focus on
discrepant imaging regions and with blinded or otherwise neutral adjudication regarding interpretation/classification
source.

TRAQinform IQ is not intended to diagnose any disease, replace the diagnostic procedures for interpretation of CT or
PET/CT images, recommend any specific treatment, nor is it intended to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified
medical professional.

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 2

01) 443-6140 EF

 
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

 

(J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 2 of 2
K233998

510(k) SUMMARY
AIQ Global, Inc’s TRAQinform IQ

Submitter

AIQ Global, Inc. (dba AIQ Solutions)
8000 Excelsior Dr, Suite 400
Madison, WI 53717

(608) 268-9684

Contact Person

Alberti Dona, COO
(608) 268-9684
dona.alberti@aiq-solutions.com

Date Prepared
August 28, 2024
Device Identification

Proprietary Name: TRAQinform IQ

Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological

Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050 Picture Archiving and Communications System
Product Code: LLZ

Regulatory Class: Class II

Classification Panel: Radiology

Predicate Device

Name of Device: QTx!

510(k) Number: K173444
Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code: LLZ

Regulatory Class: Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology

Reference Device

Name of Device: MIM 4.1 (SEASTAR)
510(k) Number: K071964

Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code: LLZ

Regulatory Class: Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology
Device Description and Technological Characteristics

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides quantitative analysis of lesions identified as
Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted, and reported
on per local practice prior to device use.

The input to TRAQinform IQ is CT and PET/CT images as supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0.

The following steps are performed by the software:

Automatic threshold-based ROI segmentation:

o ROlcan also be imported from external sources (other validated tools or manual contouring
by qualified medical personnel).

Automatic ROI registration between multiple images:

o Images can be from the same or different imaging modality.

o Images can be from the same or different PET tracer.

o Images can be from the same or different date.

Automatic matching of ROI between multiple, previously performed images.

Automatic quantification of dynamic changes among images including, but not limited to:

o Changes in ROI shape.

o Single RO! splitting into multiple ROI.

o Multiple ROI combining into a single ROI.

o ROlappearing, disappearing, and re-appearing across images.

Acomprehensive summary analysis.

TRAQinform IQ calculates spatial and quantitative metrics for each individual ROI. These metrics are
provided as a TRAQinform Report. TRAQinform IQ uses computational algorithms to detect, fuse and
analyze ROI and provides the following outputs:

Identification of anatomic location of ROI in all areas of the body.
A quantitative analysis of functional and anatomic data for CT and PET/CT scans, including:
o Volume of all identified ROI on each image;
Change in volume of each identified ROI among images;
Total volume of all identified ROI on each image;
Change in total volume of all identified ROI on each image;
Heterogeneity of change in volume of each identified ROI;
For PET scans:
= Tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of each identified ROI on
each image;
= Change in tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean) of each identified ROI
among images;
= Total tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of all identified RO!
on each image;
= Change in total tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of all
identified ROI on each image;
= Heterogeneity of change in tracer uptake (SUVhetero) among identified ROI.
o For CT scans
= Radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero) for each identified ROI on each

ooo0°0
image;
= Changes in radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean) of all identified ROI on each
image;
= Change in total radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero) of all identified
ROI on each image;
= Heterogeneity of change in radio density (HUhetero) among identified ROI.
¢ 2D graphical renderings of medical images, including Maximum Intensity Projections of the PET
and CT, with overlayed and labeled/color-coded ROI, for inclusion in TRAQinform Reports.
¢ 3D labeled contours for ROI, anatomic structures, and skeletal structures.

The TRAQinform IQ software operates in a secure cloud environment.
Intended Use / Indications for Use

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides a quantitative TRAQinform Report on lesions
identified as Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted,
and reported on per local practice prior to device use.

Clinicians responsible for patient care and for ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to locally
reported image interpretation do not interact directly with the device. Clinicians responsible for local
image interpretation do not interact with the device and generate their reporting before and
independently of the TRAQinform Report.

The TRAQinform Report is generated by the device manufacturer and signed by a U.S. board
certified physician responsible for supervising central report generation and qualified to practice
nuclear radiology/medicine. The TRAQinform Report is for use by trained medical professionals
including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear radiologists/physicians, medical imaging
technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

TRAQinform IQ software contains the following functionalities:

e Automated matching of ROI between previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0
volumetric medical images.

e In order to perform automated matching of RO! and quantitative analysis of previously performed
CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images, the software initially performs the
following functions:

= Machine learning skeletal and anatomic structure segmentation.
*  Threshold-based ROI identification and contouring.

¢ Automated quantitative analysis to assess previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0
volumetric medical images, including: change in total volume and density of each identified ROI,
and change in Fludeoxyglucose F18 (FDG) tracer uptake of each identified ROI among images.

¢ Generation of images of the anatomy combined with spatial and quantitative information,
including computed classification of quantitative FDG ROI changes.

For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with
partial or whole-body PET/CT acquired following administration of FDG per approved drug prescribing
information and with the second FDG administration separated from the first by a period not to exceed

12 months.
For single-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older
with partial or whole-body PET/CT following administration of FDG, a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a
SSTR-targeted PET drug per approved drug prescribing information.

Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting have been investigated
and use of TRAQinform IQ has not been established for binary patient level progression or
non-progression decisions without multidisciplinary review. Discrepancies between
TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting that could impact patient care should therefore
prompt consultation with subject matter experts (for example, in tumor board), with a patient-
centered focus on discrepant imaging regions and with blinded or otherwise neutral
adjudication regarding interpretation/classification source.

TRAQinform IQ is not intended to diagnose any disease, replace the diagnostic procedures for
interpretation of CT or PET/CT images, recommend any specific treatment, nor is it intended to
replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical professional.

Performance Testing

Results of software validation and verification (V&V) and early feasibility testing of device component
functionality for CT segmentation, regional PET thresholding, and ROI matching supported further FDG
test-retest and pivotal device output investigation. For detail on component testing, published reporting
is available respectively in Weisman 2023 (CT anatomy segmentation, doi.org/10.1088/2057-
1976/acfb06), Perk 2018 (ROI detection methodology, doi.org/10.1088/1361-6560/aaebba), and Huff
2023 (ROI matching, doi.org/10.1088/1361-6560/acef8f).

Test-Retest

This study established test-retest limits of agreement used to categorize regions of interest based off
changes between FDG PET/CT images. 31 patients with non-small lung cancer patients received
two FDG PET/CT images within 1 week pretreatment. The limits of repeatability endpoint estimated
the interval within which 95% of repeated measurements are expected to lie when clinically relevant
change is lacking. For TRAQinform IQ generated features, these limits are shown in Table 1.

Table 1: Lower and upper limits of repeatability for each imaging feature.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Feature Lower limit (%) | Upper limit (%)
SUVmax -27.0 56.8
SUVmean_| -20.2 38.5
SUVtotal -54.1 144.5
Volume -52.6 113.9
Pivotal Reader Study

A study was conducted to evaluate the clinical utility of TRAQinform IQ. In this study, three report
evaluators (oncologists) were assigned to distinguish each of 103 patients as positive versus
negative for progression based on presentation of the locally generated radiology report without and
then with adjunctive presentation of the TRAQinform Report.

Each of the 103 patients had two sequential FDG PET/CT scans acquired between 2005 and 2022.
Scans were acquired from patients scanned at 10 or more imaging centers in at least 3 U.S. states
(exact image center information was redacted on scan transfer). A full breakdown is shown in Table
2. A breakdown of patients by disease type, patient sex, weight, and age are also shown in Table 2.
Out of the 206 total scans (2 per patient), scanner information was available for 199 (99 patients).
Scans were acquired on a variety of scanner manufacturers and models, with 84 patients receiving
scans on the same scanner for baseline and follow-up.

A total of 1046 ROI were detected across the baseline scans (median per patient: 6, range: 0-80)
and 935 were detected on the follow-up (median per patient: 4, range: 0-60).

Table 2: Patient and scan characteristics for all patients and scans where information was not redacted
during the scan transfer process.

 

Site 1 (North Carolina, USA), n = 35

Site 2 (Unknown State, USA) , n = 31 Site 3

(North Carolina, USA), n = 13

Site 4 (North Carolina, USA), n = 12

Imaging Site / Site 5 (lowa, USA), n= 4

Location Site 6 (North Carolina, USA), n =
Site 7 (North Carolina, USA), n =

Site 8 (Unknown State, USA),

Site 9 (North Carolina, USA), n =

Site 10 (Missouri, USA), n = 7

Breast Cancer, n =23

Lung Cancer, n = 20

Prostate, n = 16

Melanoma, n= 15

Cancer Type, n Head & Neck Cancer, n=8

Lymphoma, n=7

Colorectal Cancer, n =6

Other, n=5

Gynecological Cancer, n =3

3
2
1

 

 

 

 

Patient sex, n

 

Female / Male 57/46
Patient age, years
Median (range) 66 (26, 87)

 

Patient weight, kg 78.5 (43.0, 132.9)

 

Median (range)
Unreported, n = 75
; White, n = 25
Patient Race Hispanic, n = 2

 

 

 

Black, n= 7

 
 

Siemens Healthineers Biograph 20, n = 76
Siemens Healthineers BioGraph TruePoint, n = 46
Canon Medical Systems Celesteion, n = 47
Canon Medical Systems Cartesion Prime, n= 14
GE Healthcare Discovery ST, n= 12

Siemens Healthineers Biograph6, n = 7

Siemens Healthineers Biograph Horizon, n = 3

Scanner model
(n=199)

 

 

 

 

Of the 103 patients investigated, the TRAQInform Report prompted at least one oncologist
interpreter to reevaluate 23 patients classified without the device as negative for progression to
positive, and to reevaluate 9 patients classified without the device as positive for progression to
negative. In these cases, the oncologist interpreter highlighted a subset of ROI for further review.
Imaging and local reporting on these 23 + 9 = 32 patients was sent to a panel of two radiologists and
one oncologist, together serving as a reference source against which to quantify positive percent
agreement (PPA, representing patients classified as positive by both the panel and an oncologist),
negative percent agreement (NPA; representing patients classified as negative by both the panel
and an oncologist), and the 95% confidence interval (95%Cl) for overall percent agreement (OPA;
prevalence-biased PPA and NPA aggregation). Compared to chance performance (50%), the 95%
Cl for OPA was 41% to 76%. PPA was 14/18=78% and NPA was 5/14=36%.

Because reevaluation at the patient level was derived from reporting at a lower ROI level, panel
agreement was also evaluated at this level. The panel examined only the subset of ROI that had
been highlighted by the report evaluators. Of 111 total ROIs highlighted on the TRAQInform Report,
the panel agreed with the device classification (new, increasing, unchanged, decreasing, and
disappearing) in 37/53=70%, 18/26=70%, 11/13=85%, 5/8 (63%), and 10/11 (90%) ROls,
respectively.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to Predicate

TRAQinform IQ is a modification of the predicate device. Both the subject and predicate devices are
intended to be used by trained medical professionals as an aid in evaluation and information
management of digital medical images. Specifically, both devices are radiological image processing
systems intended to assess patient radiological scans to provide supplemental information to
physicians on changes to regions of interest (ROI).

Comparison of key technological features are provided in Table 3.

Conclusion

The TRAQinform IQ has the same intended use and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate device. Differences do not alter the
intended use of the device and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness when
used as labeled. The performance data demonstrate that the TRAQinform IQ is as safe and
effective as the QTxI. Thus, the TRAQinform IQ is substantially equivalent.
Table 3: Substantial Equivalence Table

 

Specification /

TRAQinform IQ

Quantitative Total Extensible

 

 

 

 

 

 

Let Subject Device Imaging (QTx!) (K173444)
Characteristic Predicate Device
Product Code LZ LLZ
Regulation 892.2050 892.2050
Number
Regulatory Class I Il
Review Panel Radiology Radiology
Trained medical professionals including, but | Trained medical professionals
Users not limited to, radiologists, oncologists, including, but not limited to,
nuclear medicine physicians, medical imaging | radiologists, oncologists, nuclear
technologists, dosimetrists and physicists. medicine physicians, medical imaging
technologists, dosimetrists and
physicists.
A software tool to aid in evaluation and A software tool to aid in evaluation
Intended Use information management of digital medical and information management of digital]

images.

medical
images.

 

 

Indications for
Use

 

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that
provides quantitative analysis of lesions
identified as Regions of Interest (ROI) in
PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data
acquired, interpreted, and reported on per local
practice prior to device use.

Clinicians responsible for patient care and for
ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to
locally reported image interpretation do not
interact directly with the device. Clinicians
responsible for local image interpretation do
not interact with the device and generate their
reporting before and independently of the
TRAQinform Report.

The TRAQinform Report is generated by the
device manufacturer and signed by a U.S.
board certified physician responsible for
supervising central report generation and
qualified to practice nuclear
radiology/medicine. The TRAQinform Report is
for use by trained medical professionals
including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear
radiologists/physicians, medical imaging
technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

 

Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging
(QTxl) is a software tool used to aid in
evaluation and information management
of digital medical images by trained
medical professionals including, but not
limited to, radiologists, oncologists,
nuclear medicine physicians, medical
imaging technologists, dosimetrists and
physicists. The medical modalities of
these medical images include, but are
not limited to, DICOM CT and PET as
supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0.

 

 
 

Specification /
Characteristic

TRAGQinform IQ
Subject Device

Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging

(QTx!) (K173444)
Predicate Device

 

 

 

TRAQinform IQ software contains the
following functionalities:

Automated matching of ROI between
previously performed CT and PET/CT
DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical
images.

In order to perform automated
matching of ROI and quantitative
analysis of previously performed CT
and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric
medical images, the software initially
performs the following functions:

» Machine learning skeletal and
anatomic structure
segmentation.

= Threshold-based ROI!
identification and contouring.

Automated quantitative analysis to
assess previously performed CT and
PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric
medical images, including: change in
total volume and density of each
identified ROI, and change in
Fludeoxyglucose F18 (FDG) tracer
uptake of each identified ROI among
images.

Generation of images of the anatomy
combined with spatial and quantitative
information, including computed
classification of quantitative FDG ROI!
changes.

 

QTxI assists in the following indications:

Receive, store, retrieve, display
and process digital medical

images

Create, display and print reports
from those images

Provide medical professionals

with the ability to display,

register, and fuse medical

images

Identify Regions of Interest (ROIs)
and perform ROI contouring
allowing quantitative/statistical
analysis of full or partial body scans
Evaluate quantitative change in
ROls (total or partial body;
individual RO! within individual) with
3D interactive rendering of images
with highlighted ROls.

 

 
 

Specification /
Characteristic

TRAGQinform IQ
Subject Device

Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging
(QTxI) (K173444)
Predicate Device

 

 

 

For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis,
recommended use is in adult patients 22
years and older with partial or whole-body
PET/CT acquired following administration
of FDG per approved drug prescribing
information and with the second FDG
administration separated from the first by
a period not to exceed 12 months.

For single-timepoint quantitative analysis,
recommended use is in adult patients 22
years and older with partial or whole-body
PET/CT following administration of FDG,
a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a SSTR-
targeted PET drug per approved drug
prescribing information.

Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ
and local PET/CT reporting have been
investigated and use of TRAQinform IQ
has not been established for binary
patient level progression or non-
progression decisions without
multidisciplinary review. Discrepancies
between TRAQinform IQ and local
PET/CT reporting that could impact
patient care should therefore prompt
consultation with subject matter experts
(for example, in tumor board), with a
patient-centered focus on discrepant
imaging regions and with blinded or
otherwise neutral adjudication regarding
interpretation/classification source.

TRAQinform IQ is not intended to
diagnose any disease, replace the
diagnostic procedures for interpretation of
CT or PET/CT images, recommend any
specific treatment, nor is it intended to
replace the skill and judgement of a
qualified medical professional.

 

 

 
 

Specification /
Characteristic

TRAGQinform IQ
Subject Device

Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging
(QTxI) (K173444)
Predicate Device

 

Medical Modalities

CT and PET/CT images as supported by
ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0

Radiotracers for multiple timepoints: FDG
Radiotracers for single timepoint: FDG,

PSMA-targeted PET drug, or a SSTR-
targeted PET drug

DICOM, CT, MRI, SPECT and PET as
supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0

Radiotracers: NaF PET

 

(Operating System

Secure Cloud Environment with Web
Browser Interface

Windows 7 or Windows 10

 

Identification of
ROI

Automatic Threshold based ROI
identification in bone and anatomical
structures

Threshold based ROI identification in bone

 

Importation of
ROI contours

TRAQinform IQ allows the importation of
physician established contours of ROI

No importation functionality

 

‘Segmentation

Segmentation of bone to identify skeletal
structures and segmentation of
anatomical structures to identify organs.
Segmentation is driven by machine
learning algorithms.

Atlas based segmentation of bone to identify
skeletal structures

 

Quantitative
(Analysis

 

 

Scan-to-scan registration and ROI
matching allows automatic
quantification of ROIs and assessment
of changes/differences in ROI:
¢ Changes in ROI shape
e Single ROI splitting into multiple
ROI!
¢ Multiple ROI combining into a
single ROI
e ROlappearing, disappearing,
and re- appearing across
images

Quantitative analysis of functional and
anatomical data for CT and PET/CT
scans, including:
e Volume of each identified
ROI on each image
e Change in volume of each
identified ROI among images
¢ Total volume of all identified
ROI on each image

 

Scan-to-scan registration and ROI matching
allows automatic quantification of ROls and
assessment of changes/differences in ROI.
Quantitative/statistical analysis of full or
partial-body scans

 

 
 

Specification /
Characteristic

TRAGQinform IQ
Subject Device

Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging
(QTxI) (K173444)
Predicate Device

 

 

 

¢ Change in total volume of all
identified ROI on each image

¢ Heterogeneity of change in volume
of each identified ROI

For PET scans:

e Tracer uptake (SUVmax,
SUVtotal, SUVmean,
SUVhetero) of each identified
ROI on each image

e Change in tracer uptake
(SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean)
of each identified ROI among
images

¢ Total tracer uptake (SUVmax,
SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero)
of all identified ROI on each
image

¢ Change in total tracer uptake
(SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean,
SUVhetero) of all identified ROI
on each image

¢ Heterogeneity of change in tracer
uptake (SUVhetero) among
identified ROI

For CT scans:

e Radio density (HUmax,
HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero)
for each identified ROI on
each image

¢ Changes in radio density (HUmax,
HUtotal, HUmean) of all identified
ROI on each image

e Change in total radio density
(HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean,
HUhetero) of all identified ROI on
each image

¢ Heterogeneity of change in radio
density (HUhetero) among

identified ROI
2D Graphical renderings of medical
images, including Maximum Intensity

Projections of the PET and CT, with
overlayed and labeled/color-coded RO! for
inclusion in TRAQinform Reports.

3D labeled contours for ROI, anatomic
structures, and skeletal structures.

 

 

 
