 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K243005
Device Name

 

‘AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is designed for use by specialized dental practices for storing and presenting
patient images and assisting in treatment planning. Results produced by the software's treatment planning tools are
dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed practitioners.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
 

 

Audax FDA 510(k) Summary

 

Revd

 

 

 

K243005 510(k) Summary
SUBMITTER INFORMATION:
DATE PREPARED: September 23, 2024 (Revised 05/30/2025)

510(k) SUBMITTER: Audax d.0.0.

Tehnoloski park 18c, 1000
Ljubljana, Slovenia
Phone: 00386 1 200 4050

510(k) CONTACT: Josh Ellis

DEVICE INFORMATION:

DEVICE TRADE NAME: AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software
COMMON NAME: Dental imaging software

CLASSIFICATION NAME: Medical Image Management and Processing System
REGULATION NUMBER: 21 CFR §892.2050

PRODUCT CODE: QIH

DEVICE CLASS: ll

PREDICATE DEVICE:

The predicate device chosen for this submission is CephX Cephalometric Analysis
Software (K231396) cleared on January 31, 2024, legally marketed by Orca Dental Al,
Ltd.

No reference devices were used in this submission.
To identify a suitable predicate, the short list of devices in Product Codes LLZ & QIH

hat have similar Indications for Use (cephalogram analysis) were analyzed according to
applicable FDA Guidance.

 

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is a software-only device intended for use
by specialty dental professionals in the development of 2D dental treatment planning
utilizing cephalogram landmarks. Cephalogram imagery must be captured separately
and inputted to the program using a variety of common file formats (BMP, JPG, JPEG,
PNG, TIFF). Landmarks are digitized, structures are traced, measurements can be
taken, and various custom analysis types are possible. The software assists in
orthodontic treatment planning by providing image analysis, superimpositions, and VTO
(visualized treatment objective).

The software is offered in two different client configurations: A desktop client as an
application locally-hosted on a PC (“AudaxCeph Ultimate” and “Essentials”), and a
cloud-hosted solution (“AudaxCeph WeDoCeph’”) which is accessible by a web browser
client. Both are intended for use only by specialty dental professionals, have no patient-

 

1 “Best Practices for Selecting a Predicate Device to Support a Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission” (2023).
Retrieved from: https://www.fda.gov/media/17 1838/download

510(k) Summary Page 1 of 5
 

 

Audax FDA 510(k) Summary

 

 

Revd

 

 

interacting components or interfaces, and all analysis capabilities of the AudaxCeph
Cephalogram Analysis software that inform clinical decisions are within the capabilities
of the CephX Cephalometric Analysis Software predicate device.

 

INDICATIONS FOR USE:

AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is designed for use by specialized dental
practices for storing and presenting patient images and assisting in treatment planning.
Results produced by the software's treatment planning tools are dependent on the
interpretation of trained and licensed practitioners.

The Indications for Use statement for the AudaxCeph device is not identical to the
predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended therapeutic use of
the device nor do they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the
predicate. There are no differences in the use environment, intended users, or
anatomical structures of use between the devices. Both the subject device and
predicate device have the same intended use of storing and presenting patient images
and assisting in dental treatment planning.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
DEVICE

Cephalogram analysis involves landmark placement and various measurements
between landmarks to aid in dental treatment planning. The technological principle for
both the subject AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software and predicate CephX
Cephalometric Analysis Software (K231396) is to utilize computer software to digitize
landmark placement and measurement tasks. A comparison between the technological
and use characteristics of the subject and the predicate device, summarized in Table 1,
demonstrates that the design, technology, and Indications for Use of the AudaxCeph
Cephalogram Analysis Software are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

510(k) Summary Page 2 of 5
 

Audax

 

 

FDA 510(k) Summary

 

Revd

 

 

Table 1: Comparison of Subject Device with Predicate Device

 

Feature

SUBJECT:
AudaxCeph Cephalogram
Analysis Software

PREDICATE:
CephX Cephalometric Analysis
Software

 

510(k) Number

K231396

 

Intended Use

Designed for use by
specialized dental practices
for storing and presenting
patient images and assisting
in treatment planning.
Results produced by the
software's treatment planning
tools are dependent on the
interpretation of trained and
licensed practitioners.

Indicated for use by dentists who
provide orthodontic treatment for
image analysis, simulation,
profilogram, VTO (Visual
Treatment Objective), and patient
consultation. Results produced by
the software’s diagnostic,
treatment planning and simulation
tools are dependent on the
interpretation of trained and
licensed practitioners or dentists.
The device is only for use on
patients 14 years old and above.

 

 

 

 

 

higher

Product Code QIH QIH

Type of Use (Rx /OTC) Rx Rx
Orthodontic, oral maxillofacial | Orthodontic, oral maxillofacial

User surgery, and dental-specialty | surgery, and dental-specialty
practices. practices.

Platform IBM-compatible PC or PC IBM-compatible PC or PC
network network

Processor x64-based processor or x64-based processor or higher

 

Software Access

Local PC hosted or cloud
hosted

Cloud-hosted

 

Materials, Additives, &

N/A, software-only device

N/A, software-only device

 

 

Finishing Agents
Energy Delivery N/A, software-only device N/A, software-only device
Anatomical Area Dental, Maxilla, Mandible Dental, Maxilla, Mandible

 

Device Features

 

2D Image Acquisition/Digitizing

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(radiological/image capture No No
interface/controls)

2D Automatic Tracing Yes Yes
wiClinician Review

2D Image Measurements Yes Yes
2D Image Superimposition Yes Yes
2D Growth Forecast Yes Yes
2D Treatment Simulation Yes Yes
2D Custom Analysis Editor Yes Yes
2D Orthognathic Surgical

Planning $ 8 No No
Implant Module No No
3D Image Capability No No
Landmarks 60 21

 

The subject device and the predicate device have the following technological

differences:

510(k) Summary

Page 3 of 5

 
 

 

Audax FDA 510(k) Summary

 

 

Revd

 

 

 

1. The wording of the Indications for Use are slightly different but both have the
same Intended Use. The predicate includes a restriction limiting device usage to
patients 14 years of age or above while the subject device does not include such
a restriction. The removal of an age limitation from the Indications for Use in the
subject device is consistent with other similar software on the market and
consistent with a practitioner's ability to do manual tracing on a patient of any
age. The appropriateness and validity of the various named analyses to mixed-
dentition populations is well-documented in the literature and generally known
and understood in the population of intended users.

2. The subject device is capable of operating in PC-based standalone software
configuration instead of only a cloud-hosted configuration like the predicate
device.

3. The predicate device is capable of identifying 21 landmarks while the subject
device is capable of identifying 60.

All analysis capabilities of the AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis software that inform
clinical decisions are within the capabilities of the CephX Cephalometric Analysis
Software predicate device.

NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
Non-clinical testing, including software verification tests, evaluated:
+ Unit testing
+ Performance Testing
+ Manual Testing
+ Integration Testing
+ System and Regression Testing

The device has been designed, manufactured, and tested in accordance with the FDA
Voluntary Consensus Standards and Guidance outlined in Table 2. Software
verification and validation activities have been successfully performed on the software
package, including assurance that functions work as designed, measurements are
accurate, performance requirements and specifications have been met, and that all
hazard mitigations have been fully implemented. All testing has met the predetermined
acceptance values.

Table 2: Non-Clinical Testing Standards & Guidance

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Standard Title FDA Recognition #
IEC 62304 ed. 1.1 Medical device software - Software life 13-79
cycle processes
Medical devices - Part 1: Application of
IEC 62366-1 ed 1.1 usability engineering to medical devices 5-129
ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices - Application of risk 5125
management to medical devices

 

510(k) Summary Page 4 of 5
 

 

Audax FDA 510(k) Summary

 

 

Revd

 

 

 

 

Standard Title FDA Recognition #

 

Medical device software - Part 1: Guidance
IEC TR 80002-1 ed. 1.0 | on the application of ISO 14971 to medical 13-34
device software

Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality
System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions

Principles for medical device security - Risk
management.

 

FDA Guidance
(09-27-2023)

Docket:
FDA-2021-D-1158

 

 

 

 

AAMI TIR57:2016 13-83

 

 

To verify the accuracy of automatically placed landmarks, first an acceptance criteria
study was performed to assess the accuracy of manual landmark placement. The
results of that study, combined with a literature review of other studies, was used to
establish the acceptance criteria upon which automatic landmark detection accuracy
was evaluated. The accuracy study involved automatically-detected landmarks
reviewed by orthodontists. The results of the accuracy study, as shown in Table 3,
indicate that the device met all acceptance criteria for automatic landmark detection.

Table 3: Automatic Landmark Detection Accuracy Study Results

 

 

Lateral s1.5 PASS
MRE (mm)
Frontal (PA)
CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
No clinical testing was required to support substantial equivalence.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE CONCLUSION:

The intended use and fundamental technological capabilities of cephalometric
tracing/landmark analysis, image superimposition, and treatment planning of the
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software and that of the predicate device are
identical. Although the predicate device is a cloud-based software and AudaxCeph also
offers a desktop-based interface, the difference does not raise any new questions
regarding safety or effectiveness. Both devices have been verified and validated using
internal protocols according to FDA-recognized consensus standards. The information
presented in this submission sufficiently demonstrates that the proposed device is as
safe and effective as the predicate device.

Thus, the AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is substantially equivalent for all
regulatory purposes to the legally marketed predicate device CephX Cephalometric
Analysis Software (K231396).

510(k) Summary Page 5 of 5
