 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K243617
Device Name

uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis; uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

uCT ATLAS Astound is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the
whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes. CT ATLAS
Astound is applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

uCT ATLAS Astound is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the early detection of lung nodules
that may represent cancer. The screening must be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs /
protocols that have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical society.

* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011;
365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further information.

uCT ATLAS is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the whole
body by computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes. uCT ATLAS is
applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

uCT ATLAS has the capability to image a whole organ in a single rotation. Organs include, but not limited to head, heart,
liver, kidney, pancreas, joints, etc.

uCT ATLAS is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the early detection of lung nodules that
may represent cancer. The screening must be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols
that have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical society.

* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011;
365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further information.

uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis is a post-processing software package that accepts UIH CT images acquired using
different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the same anatomical location. The various materials of an anatomical
region of interest have different attenuation coefficients, which depend on the used energy. These differences provide
information on the chemical composition of the scanned body materials and enable images to be generated at multiple
energies within the available spectrum. uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis software combines images acquired with low and
high energy spectra to visualize this information.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

01) 483.6740 EF

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 2

 
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 2 of 2
K243617

 

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd P|
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING

510 (K) SUMMARY

1. Date of Preparation

May 14, 2025
2. Sponsor Identification

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co.,Ltd.
No.2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District, 201807, Shanghai, China

Contact Person: Xin GAO

Position: Regulatory Affair Manager
Tel: +86-021-67076888-5386

Fax: +86-021-67076889

Email: xin.gao@united-imaging.com

3. Identification of Subject Device

Device Name: uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
Common Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System

Model(s): uCT ATLAS Astound

Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System

Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: JAK

Review Panel: Radiology

Device Name: uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
Common Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
Model(s): UCT ATLAS

Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: JAK

Review Panel: Radiology

4. Identification of Predicate/Reference Device(s)
Predicate Device(s)

Device Name: uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
510(k) Number: K231482

Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System

Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: JAK

Review Panel: Radiology

Page 1 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd. a
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING

 

5.

Device Name: uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
510(k) Number: K231482

Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: JAK

Review Panel: Radiology

Reference device(s):

Device Name: uCT 760, uCT780

510(k) Number: K230162

Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: JAK

Review Panel: Radiology

Device Description:

The uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis and uCT ATLAS with
uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis includes the same intended use and same indications for

use as their recent cleared versions (K231482). The reason for this submission is to

support the following additional functions:

6.

CardioXphase (optimized)
CardioBoost
CardioCapture (optimized)
AIIR

Motion Freeze

Ultra EFOV

Indications for Use

uCT ATLAS Astound is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to
produce cross-sectional images of the whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray
transmission data taken at different angles and planes. UCT ATLAS Astound is
applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

uCT ATLAS Astound is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening
for the early detection of lung nodules that may represent cancer. The screening must
be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols that

Page 2 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd. a
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING

 

have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional
medical society.

* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung
Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for
further information.

uCT ATLAS is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray
transmission data taken at different angles and planes. UCT ATLAS is applicable to
head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

uCT ATLAS has the capability to image a whole organ in a single rotation. Organs
include, but not limited to head, heart, liver, kidney, pancreas, joints, etc.

uCT ATLAS is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the
early detection of lung nodules that may represent cancer. The screening must be
performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols that have
been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical
society.

* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung
Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for
further information.

uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis is a post-processing software package that accepts
UIH CT images acquired using different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the
same anatomical location. The various materials of an anatomical region of interest
have different attenuation coefficients, which depend on the used energy. These
differences provide information on the chemical composition of the scanned body
materials and enable images to be generated at multiple energies within the available
spectrum. uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis software combines images acquired with
low and high energy spectra to visualize this information.

Page 3 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED i
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING

 

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The table below provides the comparisons among the subject devices and the

predicate/reference devices:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Software | Subject devices Predicate Reference Discussion
functions device device #1
(K231482) (K230162)

CardioBoost | Yes - DELTA Substantial
It is an image reconstruction method Equivalent
for cardiac scanning based on deep Note |
learning technology.

ATIR Yes Yes - Substantial
It is an image reconstruction method Equivalent
that combines a modal-based iterative Note 2
reconstruction and deep learning
technology.

CardioXpha | Yes Yes -- Substantial

se It can recommend the optimal phase Equivalent
for cardiac reconstruction, which is Note 3
based on deep learning technology.

Motion Yes - - Substantial

Freeze It is an intelligent function based Equivalent
on deep learning to reduce the Note 4
artifacts caused by head motion.

Ultra EFOV | Yes EFOV EFOV Substantial
It can extend reconstruction FOV to Equivalent
bore size using deep learning Note 5
technique.

CardioCapt | Yes Yes -- Substantial

ure It is a motion correction function for | Both uCT Equivalent
cardiac scanning to reduce coronary | ATLAS and Note 6
motion artifact, which is based on | uCT ATLAS.
deep learning technology. Astound have
Only uCT ATLAS Optimize this | this function
function

Justification

NoteID | Justification

Note 1 Compared to the reference device (K230162), CardioBoost in subject devices is an

image reconstruction method for cardiac. The difference in the subject devices is datasets
augmentation and deep learning network optimization in order to improve the overall
performance for cardiac images reconstruction

From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject device
and reference device.

 

 

 

Page 4 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED i
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING

 

 

Note 2 For uCT ATLAS:

Compared to the predicate device (K231482), the differences in the subject device are
datasets augmentation and deep learning network optimization to enable reconstruction
for head.

For uCT ATLAS Astound:

Compared to the predicate device (K231482), the difference in the subject device is deep
learning network optimization to improve the overall performance.

From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
and predicate devices.

 

Note 3 Compared to the predicate devices (K231482), the difference in the subject device is the
introduction of a new deep learning based coronaries detection algorithm to improve the
performance of CardioXphase. The functionality to select the best phase flowchart
already exists in the predicate devices CardioXphase (K231482).

From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
and reference devices

 

Note 4 The function of Motion Freeze is an image reconstruction algorithm which intend to
correct the patient head motion, this will not raise new safety and effectiveness concerns.

 

Note 5 Compared to the predicate devices (K231482), the difference in the subject devices is
that Ultra EFOV introduces a deep learning network to improve HU accuracy in the area
of extended FOV.

From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
and reference devices.

 

Note 6 CardioCapture in this submission is only optimized for uCT ATLAS.

Compared to the predicate device(K231482), the difference in the subject device is the
introduction of the deep learning module.

From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject device
and predicate device. .

 

 

 

 

The difference in technological characteristics do not raise safety and effectiveness concerns. The
bench test and reader evaluation were conducted, The results show that the subject devices are
substantial equivalent to the predicate devices and reference devices.

Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
equivalence determination

Non-Clinical Testing

Non-clinical testing including bench test and reader study were conducted for the uCT
ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis and uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT
Dual Energy Analysis to verify that the proposed device met all design specifications as
it is Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.

UNITED IMAGING HEALTHCARE claims conformance to the same standards and
guidance cleared in K231482.

Page 5 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd. UNITED g=@

Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889

www.united-imaging.com

IMAGING

 

 

_ Software functions
| CardioBoost

“AIR

Bench test
The bench test for CardioBoost was performed to evaluate the
subject devices IQ with CardioBoost.

IQ evaluation includes:

* General IQ Performance testing of metrics identified in IEC
61223-3-5 to study overall performance in a standardized and
referenceable manner. General IQ tests include CT HU number
test and thickness section test.

- A low contrast detectability (LCD) test was performed under
the guidance of CTIQ White Paper to evaluate the LCD
enhancement, dose reduction and noise reduction.

A high contrast spatial resolution test was performed under
the guidance of AAPM's report .

The test result shows that:

* CardioBoost passed the basic general IQ test which satisfied
the requirement of IEC 61223-3-5.

* CardioBoost showed better LCD comparing with FBP at
same scanning dose and can reduce scanning dose comparing
with FBP at same LCD.

* CardioBoost showed better noise comparing with FBP.
* CardioBoost showed better spatial resolution comparing with

FBP at same scanning dose.

The bench test for AIIR was performed to evaluate the subject |
devices IQ with ATIR.

IQ evaluation includes:

* General IQ Performance testing of metrics identified in IEC
61223-3-5 to study overall performance in a standardized and
referenceable manner. General IQ tests include CT HU number
test and thickness section test.

+ A low contrast detectability (LCD) test was performed under
the guidance of CTIQ White Paper to evaluate the LCD
enhancement, dose reduction and noise reduction.

A high contrast spatial resolution test was performed under
the guidance of AAPM's report.

The test results show that:

+ ATIR passed the basic general IQ test which satisfied the
requirement of IEC 61223-3-5.

+ ATIR showed better LCD comparing with FBP at same
scanning dose and can reduce scanning dose comparing with
FBP at same LCD.

Page 6 of 8
K243617

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd. UNITED g=@

Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889

www.united-imaging.com

IMAGING

 

| CardioXphase

_ Motion Freeze

| Ultra EFOV

|= ATIR showed better noise comparing with FBP.

+ ATIR showed better spatial resolution comparing with FBP at
same scanning dose.

The bench test for CardioXphase was performed to evaluate the

extraction accuracy of new AI module in heart and coronary
artery structure. Other modules are same as the function cleared
in K231482.

The quantitative assessment metrics for the heart mask and
coronary artery mask extracted by the new AI module and the
annotated results are calculated: Dice Similarity Coefficient
(DICE), Precision, and Recall.

The test results show that all indicators have met the

verification criteria and have passed the verification.

The bench test for Motion Freeze was performed to evaluate the |
effectiveness on reducing head motion artifacts, by comparing
the artifacts on images with- and without- Motion Freeze,

The test results show that Motion Freeze can reduce head

motion artifacts.

The bench test for Ultra EFOV was performed to evaluate the

effectiveness on improving CT value accuracy, by comparing
the CT value of images with EFOV and the CT value of
images with Ultra EFOV.

The test results show that Ultra EFOV can improve the CT
number, in cases where the scanned object exceeds the CT field

_of scan-FOV. _

 

Software functions

Reader study

 

CardioBoost

The clinical images reconstructed with CardioBoost and KARL
3D respectively were shown to the readers to perform a five-
point scale evaluation of both image sets on the several image
quality aspects, including noise level, structure fidelity, image
quality and clinical features.

The results confirmed that CardioBoost images are sufficient
for diagnosis and the image quality of CardioBoost is equal or
better than the image quality of KARL 3D over all of the
evaluation aspects.

 

ATIR

 

 

The clinical images reconstructed with AIIR and FBP
respectively were shown to the readers to perform a five-point
scale evaluation of both image sets on the several image quality
aspects, including noise level, streaking artifact reduction and
image structure fidelity.

The results confirmed that AIIR images are sufficient for
diagnose and the image quality of ATIR is equal or better than
the image quality of FBP over all of the evaluation aspects.

 

Page 7 of 8

 
K243617

 

 

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co. Ltd. a
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax: +86 (21) 67076889 UNITED
www.united-imaging.com IMAGING
Motion Freeze The clinical images reconstructed with Motion Freeze were

shown to the readers to perform a 5-point scale evaluation of
both image sets on the image quality aspects, including artifact
correction effect and clinical diagnostic benefit of the images.
The results confirmed that Motion Freeze is helpful for both
artifact suppression and clinical diagnosis.

 

Ultra EFOV The clinical images with Ultra EFOV and EFOV respectively
were shown to the readers to perform a 5-point scale evaluation
of both image sets on the image quality aspects, including
image artifacts and homogeneity of same tissue.

The results confirm that the images with Ultra EFOV can
improve the accuracy of image CT numbers, in cases where the
scanned object exceeds the CT field of view.

 

CardioCapture AI motion correction is a new module integrated as a part of
CardioCapture in uCT ATLAS. Other modules are same as the
function cleared in K231482.

The reader evaluation is based on the CardioCapture function
with AIMC enabled. The evaluation aspects include:

* Contours are clear and continuous

* Motion artifacts of coronary arteries are tolerable

* Number of diagnostic coronaries reaches at least 50% of the
total number of coronary artery segments
The results conclude the effectiveness of CardioCapture
function for reducing cardiac motion artifacts as expected.

 

 

 

 

Summary

The features described in this premarket submission are supported with the results of the
testing mentioned above, the subject devices were found to have a safety and
effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusions

Based on the comparison and analysis above, the proposed device has the same intended
use, similar performance, safety equivalence, and effectiveness as the predicate device.
The differences above between the proposed device and predicate device do not affect
the intended use, technology characteristics, safety, and effectiveness. And no issues are
raised regarding to safety and effectiveness. The proposed device is determined to be
Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.

Page 8 of 8
