 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K231094
Device Name

Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage - OH

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

Intended context:

Annalise Enterprise is a device designed to be used in the medical care environment to aid in triage and prioritization of
studies with features suggestive of the following finding:

* obstructive hydrocephalus

The device analyzes studies using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the finding. It makes study-level output
available to an order and imaging management system for worklist prioritization or triage.

The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image and only provides notification for the
suspected finding.

Its results are not intended:
* to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making
* to rule out a specific finding, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTB studies

Intended modality:
Annalise Enterprise identifies the suspected finding in non-contrast brain CT studies.

Intended user:
The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who, as part of their scope of practice, are qualified to interpret
brain CT studies.

Intended patient population:
The intended population is patients who are 22 years or older.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 ‘PSCPublishing Services G01) 445-6740 EF
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2
510(k) Summary

Aannalise.ai

I. SUBMITTER

K231094

 

 

 

 

 

Company Name Annalise-AI Pty Ltd

Address Level P, 24 Campbell Street
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia

Phone Number +61 1800-958487

Contact Person Haylee Bosshard

Date Prepared July 7, 2023

 

Il. SUBJECT DEVICE

 

 

 

 

 

Manufacturer Name_| Annalise-AI Pty Ltd

Device Name Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage -OH

Classification Name | Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
(21CFR892.2080)

Regulatory Class I

Product Code QAS

 

Ill. PREDICATE DEVICE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Manufacturer Name _| Aidoc Medical, Ltd.

Device Name BriefCase

510(k) reference K221314

Classification Name | Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
(21CFR892.2080)

Regulatory Class I

Product Code QAS

 

 

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices were used in this

submission.

Page 1

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent

from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
Aannalise.ai

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage — OH is a software workflow tool which uses an artificial intelligence
(AD) algorithm to identify suspected findings on non-contrast brain CT studies in the medical care
environment. The findings identified by the device include obstructive hydrocephalus.

Radiological findings are identified by the device using an AI algorithm — a convolutional neural
network trained using deep-learning techniques. Images used to train the algorithm were sourced from
datasets that included a range of equipment manufacturers including Toshiba, GE Medical Systems,
Siemens, Philips, and Canon Medical Systems. This dataset, which contained over 200,000 CT brain
imaging studies, was annotated by qualified and trained radiologists.

The performance of the device’s AI algorithm was validated in a standalone performance evaluation,
in which the case-level output from the device was compared with a reference standard (‘ground
truth’). This was determined by two ground truthers, with a third truther used in the event of
disagreement. All truthers were US board-certified neuroradiologists.

The device interfaces with image and order management systems (such as PACS/RIS) to obtain non-
contrast brain CT studies for processing by the AI algorithm. Following processing, if any of the
radiological findings of interest are identified in a non-contrast brain CT study, the device provides a
notification to the image and order management system for prioritization of that study in the worklist.
This enables users to review the studies containing features suggestive of these radiological findings
earlier than in the standard clinical workflow. It is important to note that the device will never decrease
a study’s existing priority in the worklist. This ensures that worklist items will never have their
priorities downgraded based on AI results.

The device workflow is performed parallel to and in conjunction with the standard clinical workflow
for interpretation of non-contrast brain CTs. The device is intended to aid in prioritization and triage
of radiological medical images only.

Page 2

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
Aannalise.ai

Vv. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Indications for Use statement is as follows:

Intended context Annalise Enterprise is a device designed to be used in the medical care
environment to aid in triage and prioritization of studies with features
suggestive of the following finding:

e obstructive hydrocephalus

The device analyzes studies using an artificial intelligence algorithm to
identify the finding. It makes study-level output available to an order
and imaging management system for worklist prioritization or triage.

The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an
image and only provides notification for the suspected finding.

Its results are not intended:

e to be used ona standalone basis for clinical decision making
e to rule out specific findings, or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of CTB studies

Intended modality Annalise Enterprise identifies suspected findings in non-contrast brain
CT studies.
Intended user The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who, as part of

their scope of practice, are qualified to interpret brain CT studies.

Intended patient The intended population is patients who are 22 years or older.
population

The Indications for Use statement of the subject device differs to the predicate device only in the
clinical conditions of interest, however a standalone performance evaluation was conducted and
demonstrated that the device is as safe and effective for its intended use. Both the subject and predicate
device are intended for use to assist with worklist triage by providing notifications of suspected
findings and their associated priority.

Page 3

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
Aannalise.ai

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The subject device was evaluated and compared to the predicate device with respect to the following
characteristics:

Indications for Use

Anatomical site and modality

Intended user and clinical use environment
Technical method for notification and prioritization
Set of findings and algorithm

Device input and radiological image protocol
Device output and means of notification to user
System components

. Location where results are received

10. Prioritization relationship to standard of care workflow
11. Ability to support effective triage

CRI DAARwWNE

The following characteristics showed a difference between the subject and predicate devices. The
different characteristics include:

1. Set of findings and algorithm
2. Device output and means of notification to user

The first difference between the subject and predicate device is the set of findings that the subject
device identifies and the underlying artificial intelligence algorithm. The performance of the subject
device algorithm for each of the findings was addressed in a standalone performance evaluation and
showed that the subject device is as safe and effective for its intended use as the predicate device.

The second difference between the subject and predicate device is the output and means of notification.
While both devices provide preview images to be viewed on a non-medical viewer, the subject device
injects back into a worklist whereas the predicate notification is directed to another desktop
application. Furthermore, the subject adds a priority, whereas the predicate flags them for review.
However, these differences do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Page 4

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
Aannalise.ai

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

The following performance data have been provided to support evaluation of substantial equivalence.
A. Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing was conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, May 11, 2005.

B. Performance Testing

Performance of the subject device was assessed in a pivotal performance study to satisfy requirements
set forth in the special controls per 21CFR892.2080. The performance study included standalone
model performance and triage effectiveness evaluations.

Standalone performance was assessed via a retrospective, anonymized study of adult patient, DICOM-
compliant non-contrast brain CT cases. The test dataset used during the standalone performance
evaluation was newly acquired and independent from the training dataset used in model development.
Independence was ensured through selection of test data from hospital network sites where none of
the training data was sourced. The standalone performance study was conducted on an independent
cohort which equated to a total dataset of 175 cases for slice thickness <1.5mm (positive n=75 and
negative n=100) and 191 cases for slice thickness >1.5mm & <5.0mm (positive n=84 and negative
n=107), collected consecutively from five US hospital network sites. These sites included both
community hospitals and academic medical centers.

The performance testing dataset included representation across subgroups for patient demographics:
e slice thickness <1.5mm: gender [Female: 56.0 %, Male: 44.0%], age [mean: 61.2 years],
ethnicity [Hispanic: 9.7%], race [White/Caucasian: 76.6%, Other: 18.3%, Unknown: 5.1%],
and
e slice thickness >1.5mm & <5.0mm: gender [Female: 55.0%, Male: 45.0%], age [mean: 61.6
years], ethnicity [Hispanic: 8.9%], race [White/Caucasian: 77.0%, Other: 18.3%, Unknown:
4.7%].

It also included representation from important cohorts such as common co-existing findings and cases
that may mimic the appearance of obstructive hydrocephalus (enlargement of ventricles due to
alternate causes). The dataset included a majority of cases from GE Healthcare and Siemens CT
scanners for the pivotal study. Additional analyses were conducted with GE, Philips, Siemens and
Toshiba scanners to demonstrate the generalizability of the device.

To determine the ground truth, each deidentified case was annotated in a blinded fashion by at least
two ABR-certified and protocol-trained neuroradiologists (ground truthers), with consensus
determined by two ground truthers and a third ground truther in the event of disagreement. The key
results of the study are summarized in the following table.

Page 5

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
Aannalise.ai

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Finding Slice Thickness Range | Operating Point | Sensitivity % (Se) Specificity % (Sp)
(95% Cl) (95% Cl)
Obstructive Hydrocephalus | <1.5mm 0.149943 97.3 (93.3,100.0) 94.0 (89.0,98.0)
0.185900. 94.7 (89.3,98.7) 95.0 (90.0,99.0)
0.281473 92.0 (85.3,97.3) 97.0 (93.0,100.0)
>1.5mm & <5.0mm 0.100591 97.6 (94.0,100.0) 95.3 (90.7,99.1)
0.149943 95.2 (90.5,98.8) 95.3 (90.7.99.1)
0.185900 94.0 (89.3,98.8) 95.3 (90.7,99.1)
0.281473 88.1 (81.0,94.0) 95.3 (90.7,99.1)

 

 

 

 

 

 

The results demonstrate the subject device establishes effective triage within a clinician’s queue based
on high sensitivity and specificity. Further, these results are substantially equivalent to those of the
predicate device.

Triage effectiveness (turn-around time) was assessed by an internal bench study using a dataset of
n=277 cases positive for any of the findings eligible for prioritization. These cases were collected from
multiple data sources spanning a variety of geographical locations, patient demographics and technical
characteristics. The results demonstrated a triage turn-around time of 81.6 (95%CI: 80.3 — 82.9)
seconds, which is substantially equivalent to the total performance time published for the predicate
device.

Therefore, the subject device has been shown to satisfy the performance requirements per
21CFR892.2080, for ‘Radiological computer aided triage and notification software’, by providing
clinically effective triage for non-contrast brain CT studies containing features suggestive of
radiological findings of interest. This data demonstrates the subject device is safe and effective for its
intended use, and thereby supports substantial equivalence.

VIII.CONCLUSIONS

The subject device and the predicate device are both software only packages, devices intended to
assist with worklist triage by providing notification of findings. The subject and predicate devices
utilize the same principles of operation and work in parallel to the current standard of care workflow.

Both the subject and predicate devices use an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify findings in
images and require the same inputs (DICOM image data) and provide the same outputs (prioritization
for a medical worklist).

The technological differences between the subject and predicate devices do not raise new questions of
safety and effectiveness.

Standalone performance testing and the comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate
device shows that the subject device:

e performs as intended,
e is safe and effective for its intended use, and
e is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Page 6

Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way
