 

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

 

 

 

Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K250367
Device Name
CoLumboX

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

CoLumboxX is an image post-processing and measurement software tool that provides quantitative spine measurements
from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine radiograph x-ray images for users’ review, analysis, and interpretation. It
provides the following functionality to assist users in visualizing, measuring and documenting measurements:

- Feature segmentation;

- Feature measurement;

- Threshold-based labeling of out-of-range measurement; and

- Export of measurement results.

CoLumboX does not produce or recommend any type of medical diagnosis or treatment. Instead, it simply helps users to
more easily identify and classify features in lumbar x-ray images and potentially compile a report. The user is responsible
for confirming/modifying settings, reviewing the software-generated measurements, and utilizing CoLumboX output
using their medical judgment and discretion.

The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions. Only DICOM x-ray images of patients
aged 18 and older are considered to be valid input. CoLumboX does not support DICOM images of patients who are
pregnant, or those with post-operative complications, tumors, or infections.

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
CoLumboX 510(k) Premarket Notification Smart Soft Healthcare

K250367

510(k) Summary

1. Submitter

Smart Soft Healthcare AD

Address: 113 General Kolev Str., Primorski District., Office 7.2 Varna 9002, Bulgaria
Phone: +35952919513

Fax: None

Contact Person: Nedelcho Georgiev

Date Prepared: February 10, 2025

2. Device

Name of Device: CoLumboX

Common or Usual Name: CoLumboX

Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Product Code: QIH

Regulatory Class: II

3. Predicate Device

1) Predicate device:

Device Name: CoLumbo

Manufacturer: Smart Soft Healthcare AD

Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Classification Product Code: QIH

Classification Panel: Radiology

Device Class: Class IT

510(k) Number: K241211 cleared August 15, 2024

2) Reference device:

Device Name: Spine CAMP

Manufacturer: Medical Metrics, Inc.

Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Classification Product Code: QIH

Classification Panel: Radiology

Device Class: Class IT

510(k) Number: K231668 cleared July 7, 2023

4. Device Description

CoLumboxX is a medical device (software) for viewing and interpreting radiograph (x-ray) images
of the lumbar spine. The software is a quantitative imaging tool that assists radiologists and
neuro- and spine surgeons (“users”) to identify and measure lumbar spine features in medical

Date created:
2025-April-15 Page 1 of 6

  
CoLumboX 510(k) Premarket Notification Smart Soft Healthcare

images. The users then review the out-of-range measurements provided by the software. The
measurements are classified using “modifiers” based on rule-based algorithms and thresholds set
by each software user and stored in the user’s individualized software settings.

The purpose of CoLumboxX is to provide information regarding spondylolisthesis slippage
measurements. The software automatically initiates measurements resulting from segmentation of
the vertebrae and sacrum. Segmentations serve the purpose of calculating measurements. The
device outputs are intended to be a starting point for a clinical workflow and should not be
interpreted or used as a diagnosis. The output is an aid to the clinical workflow of measuring
patient anatomy and should not be misused as a diagnosis tool.

User-confirmed/defined settings control the software for labelling measurements in an image.
The user (not the software) controls the threshold for identifying out-of-range measurements. The
software facilitates this process by detecting contours (segmentations) around features of the
relevant anatomy and displaying measurements based on these contours. The user maintains
control of the process by inspecting the measurements and annotations upon which the
measurements are based. The user may also examine other features of the imaging not annotated
by the software to form a complete impression and diagnostic judgment of the overall state of
disease, disorder, or trauma.

5. Indications for Use

CoLumboxX is an image post-processing and measurement software tool that provides quantitative
spine measurements from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine radiograph x-ray images for
users’ review, analysis, and interpretation. It provides the following functionality to assist users
in visualizing, measuring and documenting measurements:

e Feature segmentation;

e Feature measurement;

e = Threshold-based labeling of out-of-range measurement; and

e Export of measurement results.

CoLumboX does not produce or recommend any type of medical diagnosis or treatment. Instead,
it simply helps users to more easily identify and classify features in lumbar x-ray images and
potentially compile a report. The user is responsible for confirming/modifying settings, reviewing
the software-generated measurements, and utilizing CoLumboX output using their medical
judgment and discretion.

The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions.

Only DICOM x-ray images of patients aged 18 and older are considered to be valid input.
CoLumboX does not support DICOM images of patients who are pregnant, or those with post-
operative complications, tumors, or infections.

6. Comparison of the Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
Devices

In comparison to the Predicate Device, the Subject Device provides comparable outputs in terms

Date created:

2025-April-15 Page 2 of 6

 

 
CoLumboX

510(k) Premarket Notification

Smart Soft Healthcare

of segmentation, measurement and labeling. A tabular high-level comparison of the Subject

Device, the Predicate Device and the Reference Device is provided as Table 1 below.

Table 1 — Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Predicate Device Reference Device Subject Device Remark/
(K241211) (K231668) Discussion
[Device Name CoLumbo Spine CAMP™ (1.1) CoLumboX n/a
Manufacturer | Smart Soft Healthcare Medical Metrics, Inc. Smart Soft Healthcare n/a
\Classification Radiology Radiology Radiology Same
[Panel
ICFR Section Proposed: Same
21 CFR 892.2050 21 CFR 892.2050 21 CFR 892.2050
(Medical image (Medical image (Medical image
management and processing]management and processing|management and processing|
system) system) system)
QIH QIH QIH
[Device Class ss Class II Class II Same
Intended Use [Intended to assist the Spine CAMP™ is a fully- [Intended to assist the Similar
radiologist, spine- and jautomated image ‘adiologist, spine- and
Ineuro-surgeon in lprocessing software device. Jneuro-surgeon in
performing routine It is designed to be used performing routine
levaluations of lumbar spine }with X-ray images and is evaluations of lumbar spine
IMRI exams and producing |intended to aid medical -ray images.
la report of findings lprofessionals in the
summarizing the results of |measurement and
the evaluation. jassessment of spinal
lparameters. Spine CAMP™
lis capable of calculating
distances, angles, linear
\displacements, angular
\displacements, and
imathematical combinations
lof these metrics to
characterize the
Imorphology, alignment, and|
{motion of the spine. These
janalysis results are
presented in the form of
reports, annotated images,
jand visualizations of
lintervertebral motion to
support their interpretation.
lIndications for|CoLumbo is an image post-|Spine CAMP™ is a fully-_ (CoLumboX is an image Similar
|Use processing and jautomated software that post-processing and
imeasurement software tool Janalyzes Xray images of the{measurement software tool
that provides quantitative _ {spine to produce reports hat provides quantitative
spine measurements from that contain static and/or __|spine measurements from
Ipreviously-acquired motion metrics. Spine lpreviously-acquired
IDICOM lumbar spine ICAMP™ can be used to [DICOM lumbar spine x-ray
Magnetic Resonance (MR) |obtain metrics from sagittal jimages for users’ review,
images for users’ review, _ [plane radiographs of the nalysis, and interpretation.
janalysis, and interpretation. [lumbar and/or cervical It provides the following
lIt provides the following _|spine and it can be used to [functionality to assist users
Date created:
2025-April-15 Page 3 of 6

 
CoLumboX

510(k) Premarket Notification

Smart Soft Healthcare

 

functionality to assist users
lin visualizing, measuring
jand documenting out-of-
lrange measurement:
+ Feature segmentation;

|> Feature measurement;

* Threshold-based labeling
of out-of-range
Imeasurement; and

+ Export of measurement
results to a written report
ifor user’s review, revise
land approval.

\CoLumbo does not produce
jor recommend any type of
medical diagnosis or
|treatment. Instead, it simply
lhelps users to more easily
lidentify and classify
features in lumbar MR
limages and compile a
lreport. The user is
responsible for
confirming/modifying
settings, reviewing and
verifying the software-
lcenerated measurements,
inspecting out-of-range
imeasurements, and
lapproving draft report
content using their medical
judgment and discretion.
|The device is intended to be|
lused only by hospitals and
other medical institutions.
|Only DICOM images of
IMRI acquired from lumbar
spine exams of patients
laged 18 and above are
considered to be valid
input. CoLumbo does not
|support DICOM images of
patients that are pregnant,
undergo MRI scan with
contrast media, or have
post-operative
complications, tumors,
linfectior

 

 

 

 

 

visualize intervertebral
jmotion via an image
registration method referred
|to as “stabilization.” The
lradiographic metrics can be
jused to characterize and
lassess spinal health in
jaccordance with established
guidance. For example,
common clinical uses
linclude assessing spinal
stability, alignment,
ldegeneration, fusion,
|motion preservation, and
limplant performance. The
lmetrics produced by Spine
(CAMP™ are intended to be
jused to support qualified
land licensed professional
healthcare practitioners in
Iclinical decision-making for}
skeletally mature patients off
lage 18 and above.

 

lin visualizing, measuring
nd documenting
Imeasurements:
+ Feature segmentation;
+ Feature measurement;
|» Threshold-based labeling
yf out-of-range
Imeasurement; and
|» Export of measurement
esults.
{CoLumboX does not
produce or recommend any
ype of medical diagnosis 0
reatment. Instead, it simply!
lps users to more easily
lidentify and classify
lfeatures in lumbar x-ray
images and potentially
ompile a report. The user
lis responsible for
onfirming/modifying
settings, reviewing the
software-generated
Imeasurements, and utilizing]
{CoLumboX output- using
heir medical judgment and
iscretion.
he device is intended to be}
lused only by hospitals and
ther medical institutions.
\Only DICOM x-ray images
yf patients aged 18 and
Ider are considered to be
valid input. CoLumboX
\does not support DICOM
limages of patients who are
pregnant or those
ith post-operative
omplications, tumors, or
infections.

 

 

 

 

 

 

lIntended User | Radiologist & neuro-and | Trained professionals _ | Radiologist & neuro- and Same
spine-surgeons spine-surgeons

[Intended The intended patient Skeletally mature patients | Skeletally mature patients Highly

[Patient population is not subject to of age 18 and above of age 18 and older that are] Similar

[Population

 

any restrictions.
Automation support
requires images of patients
of 18 years and older, not

 

 

not pregnant and do not
have post-operative
complications, tumors,
infections.

 

 

 

Date created:
2025-April-15

 

4 of 6

 
CoLumboX 510(k) Premarket Notification Smart Soft Healthcare

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

pregnant, without post-
operative complications,
tumors, infections.
Supported Lumbar spine Lumbar and/or cervical Lumbar spine ‘Same
Body Part spine
\Threshold- Yes Yes Yes Same
[Based Out-of-
IRange
Measurements
Supported MR X-ray X-ray Same with
Modality reference
device

 

 

 

The Subject Device is substantially equivalent in comparison to the Predicate Device. The
information regarding the Subject Device does not raise new questions about safety and
effectiveness, and demonstrates that CoLumboxX is at least as safe and effective as its predicate
device.

7. Performance Data

Smart Soft Healthcare has performed software design verification testing and has sponsored
external software performance assessment study with clinical data. The performance data
demonstrates continued conformance for medical devices containing software.

Smart Soft Healthcare conforms to the cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process of
preventing unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use
of information that is stored, accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external
recipient. The vulnerability assessment and penetration testing demonstrate satisfactory security
performance with no critical and high-risk vulnerabilities.

Software Performance Validation on Clinical Data

To validate the CoLumboX software, ver. 2, from a clinical perspective, a clinical data-based
software performance assessment study was conducted in the U.S. The software performance
assessment study of CoLumboX included 100 image studies for 100 patients of different gender,
ages and racial groups. The performance assessment study compared the CoLumboX software
outputs, and the output of a physician using and physician not using CoLumboX to the ground
truth defined by 3 radiologists on segmentations and measurements.

8. Conclusions

The CoLumboX software demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate device. The
subject device has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences between subject and
predicate device in indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not raise new
or different questions regarding its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.

The software verification and validation testing data, including the standalone software
performance assessment study data, supports the safety of the devices and demonstrates that the

Date created:
2025-April-15 Page 5 of 6
CoLumboX 510(k) Premarket Notification Smart Soft Healthcare

CoLumboX software performs as intended in the specified use conditions.

Therefore, the CoLumboX software is substantially equivalent.

Date created:
2025-April-15 Page 6 of 6
