DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K250370

Device Name

SCENARIA View Phase 5.0

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)
The SCENARIA View system is indicated to acquire axial volumes of the whole body including the
head. Images can be acquired in axial, helical, or dynamic modes. The SCENARIA View system can
also be used for interventional needle guidance. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View
system can be post-processed in the SCENARIA View system to provide additional information.
Post-processing capabilities of the SCENARIA View software include, multi-planar reconstruction
(MPR), and volume rendering. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View system can be
transferred to external devices via a DICOM standard interface. The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer
Screening Option for the SCENARIA View system is indicated for using low dose CT for lung cancer
screening. The screening must be conducted with the established program criteria and protocols
that have been approved and published by a governmental body, a professional medical society,
and/or FUJIFILM Corporation.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FUJIFILM

 

 

 

 

 

 

Value from Innovation K250370

510(k) Summary

Contact Details

Applicant Name FUJIFILM Corporation

Applicant Address 26-30, Nishiazabu 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-8620, JAPAN
Applicant Contact Telephone (704)-517-4886

Applicant Contact Chaitrali Kulkarni, Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Applicant Contact Email hcusregulatoryaffairs @fujifilm.com

Applicant Date February 5, 2025

 

Subject Device Name

 

 

 

 

 

Device Trade Name SCENARIA View Phase 5.0
Common Name Computed tomography x-ray system
Classification Name Computed tomography x-ray system
Regulation Number 892.1750

Product Code JAK

 

Predicate Device Name

 

Predicate Device Trade Name _|SCENARIA View 4.2

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

510(k) Number K231574

Common Name Computed tomography x-ray system
Classification Name Computed tomography x-ray system
Regulation Number 892.1750

Product Code JAK

 

 

Device Description Summary

The subject device SCENARIA View is a multi-slice CT system consists of a gantry, operator's
workstation, patient table, high-frequency X-ray generator, and accessories. The system
performance is similar to the predicate device.

The SCENARIA View system uses 128-slice CT technology, where the X-ray tube and detector
assemblies are mounted on a frame that rotates continuously around the patient using slip ring
technology. The solid-state detector assembly design collects up to 64 slices of data simultaneously.
The X-ray sub-system features a high frequency generator, X-ray tube, and collimation system that
produces a fan beam X-ray output. The system can operate in a helical (spiral) scan mode where the
patient table moves during scanning. As the X-ray tube/detector assembly rotates around the patient,
data is collected at multiple angles.

The collected data is then reconstructed into cross-sectional images by a high-speed reconstruction
sub-system. The images are displayed on a Computer Workstation, stored, printed, and archived as
required. The workstation is based on current PC technology using the Windows™ operating system.

Page |10f7
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

Compared to the predicate device referenced within this submission, the subject devices support the
following modifications:
1) New features
- AutoPose is an Al-based function that recognizes a specific body part in an image of localization
scan and then automatically sets the scan range and the image reconstruction range.
- RemoteRecon is a function of setting image reconstruction parameters that runs on the external
personal computer (hereinafter referred to as “PC”) connected to the CT system.
2) Modified features
- The maximum load capacity of patient table type has been increased from 250kg to 300 kg.
- Motion corrected reconstruction is an image reconstruction feature that reduces motion artifacts.
The feature has been modified to include applicability for chest examinations, which is a non-
gated scan.
- AutoPositioning is a feature that assist in positioning the patient by camera images. The feature
has been modified to include additional 12 body parts (Head and Neck, Neck, C-spine, Heart,
Chest-Abdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen, Abdomen-Pelvis, Abdomen, Pelvis, T-spine, L-spine, T-
L-spine), in addition to the 2 body parts (Head, Chest) of the predicate device, with scanogram
ranges displayed according to the selected protocol.

Intended Use/Indications for Use

The SCENARIA View system is indicated to acquire axial volumes of the whole body including the
head. Images can be acquired in axial, helical, or dynamic modes. The SCENARIA View system can
also be used for interventional needle guidance. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View
system can be post-processed in the SCENARIA View system to provide additional information.
Post-processing capabilities of the SCENARIA View software include multi-planar reconstruction
(MPR), and volume rendering. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View system can be
transferred to external devices via a DICOM standard interface.

The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for the SCENARIA View system is indicated for
using low dose CT for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the established
program criteria and protocols that have been approved and published by a governmental body, a
professional medical society, and/or FUJIFILM Corporation.

The SCENARIA View system is intended for general populations.

Indications for Use Comparison
No difference in indications for use.

Page |2of7
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

Substantial Equivalence

A summary decision is based on a thorough analysis and comparison of the functions, scientific
concepts, physical and performance characteristics, performance comparison and technological

characteristics.

 

Systems

Subject Device
SCENARIA View Phase 5.0

 

Predicate Device
SCENARIA View 4.2 (K231574)

Discussion of Difference

 

 

 

Gantry There are no differences between the two systems. -
Detector There are no differences between the two systems. -
X-ray Tube There are no differences between the two systems. -

 

X-ray Generator

There are no differences between the two systems.

 

Patient Table

Types of maximum load capacity:
250kg, 300kg

 

Types of maximum load capacity:

250kg

Different specifications do not
constitute a new intended use.
There are no significant
changes in technological
characteristics. For safety, this
item is controlled and tested
according to same regulations
and/or standards as the
predicate device.

 

 

 

 

Operator's There are no differences between the two systems. -
console

Scanning There are no differences between the two systems. =
Reconstruction There are no differences between the two systems. -
Performance There are no differences between the two systems. -

 

Dose Controls

There are no differences between the two systems.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Head, Chest, Head and Neck,
Neck, C-spine, Heart, Chest-
Abdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen,
Abdomen-Pelvis, Abdomen, Pelvis,
T-spine, L-spine, T-L-spine

Head, Chest

 

 

Dose Display There are no differences between the two systems. -
Features
There are the following differences between the two systems.
AutoPose Yes - Note 1
RemoteRecon Yes - Note 2
Motion corrected | Supported body parts: Supported body part: Note 3
reconstruction Heart (Cardio Still Shot), Heart (Cardio Still Shot)

Chest (Body Still Shot)
AutoPositioning | Supported body parts: Supported body parts: Note 4

 

Note 1:

AutoPose is an Al-based function that recognizes a specific body part in an image of scanogram and
then automatically sets the scan range and the range from which an image is to be created. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested
according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.

Note 2:

The existing image reconstruction parameters are set on an external PC, and the execution of image
reconstruction is requested to the CT system. The image reconstruction process is not changed. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested

Page |30f7

 
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.

Note 3:

As one of the motion correction reconstruction features, body still shot for chest examination has
been added. Body still shot is an image reconstruction feature that reduces motion artifacts. The
basic algorithm of motion correction reconstruction has not changed, and the support part has been
expanded. The difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended
use. There are no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is
controlled and tested according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.
Note 4:

The basic algorithm of AutoPositioning has not been changed and carry out the necessary
verifications (intended use, functionality, safety) and increase the number of support parts. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested
according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.

Therefore, based on a thorough analysis and comparison of the functions, scientific concepts,
physical and performance characteristics, performance comparison and technological
characteristics, the proposed subject device is considered substantially equivalent to the currently
marketed predicate device in terms of design features, fundamental scientific technology, indications
for use, and safety and effectiveness.

Page |4o0f7
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

Non-Clinical Tests Summary

21 CFR 1020.33(c)(g)

We generated bench data based on IEC61223-3-5.

We confirmed that the following items which we tested met the conditions of 21 CFR 1020.33(c) and
(g): Spatial Resolution, Noise, Mean CT number and Uniformity, and Tomographic Section
Thickness.

There are no changes in the following performance issues: Dose Profile, Sensitivity Profile,
Tomographic Plane Location, and CT dose index.

This shows that the subject device has equivalent basic performance as the predicate device.

In addition, the subject device is in conformance with the applicable parts of the following standards:

@ ANSI AAMI ES60601-1:2005/(R)2012 & A1:2012 C1:2009/(R)2012 & A2:2010/(R)2012 (Cons.
Text) [Incl. AMD2:2021]
Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements for basic safety and essential
performance (IEC 60601-1:2005, MOD)

@ IEC 60601-1-2 Edition 4.1
Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and essential
performance - Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility - Requirements and tests

@ IEC 60601-1-3 Edition 2.2
Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-3: General requirements for basic safety and essential
performance - Collateral Standard: Radiation protection in diagnostic X-ray equipment

@ IEC 60601-2-44 Edition 3.2
Medical electrical equipment Part 2-44: particular requirements for the basic safety and essential
performance of x-ray equipment for computed tomography.

@ IEC 62304 Edition 1.1
Medical device software - Software life cycle processes

@ NEMA XR 25 Computed Tomography Dose Check

In addition, we performed the following bench tests.

300 kg load capacity patient table

Regarding the increase in load to 300 kg, we conducted standard tests for IEC60601-1 and IEC
60601-2-44, such as stop processing and dynamic loading, and confirmed that they conformed to the
standards.

AutoPositioning

Methods

Compare the number of steps in the procedure for moving the patient on the patient table from the
lowest position to the scanogram start position to see if the number of steps in the procedure can be
reduced by comparing the conventional manual operation with the AutoPositioning operation.
Results

AutoPositioning improves workflow because it reduces the number of steps in the procedure and
allows the patient to be moved to the scanogram start position with a single operation.
AutoPositioning is the process for setting up the scanogram, and does not involve diagnostic imaging
or diagnostic evaluation, so non-clinical bench testing is appropriate. This testing included evaluation
of workflow improvements due to reduced steps identification. All tests met predefined objectives.
Also, AutoPositioning can be fully tested on the engineering bench thus no additional clinical testing
was required.

Page |5of7
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

RemoteRecon
Methods

RemoteRecon function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
RemoteRecon and performing operations.

Results

It was confirmed that the RemoteRecon function (which includes setting existing image
reconstruction parameters on an external PC and requesting the execution of image reconstruction
on the CT system from the external PC) operates correctly under the configured conditions and
performed operations.

AutoPose
Methods

AutoPose function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
AutoPose and performing operations.

Results

It was confirmed that the AutoPose function (which includes automatically setting the scan range and
the image reconstruction range) operates correctly under the configured conditions and performed
automatically setting.

Body Still Shot

Methods

Body Still Shot function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
Body Still Shot and performing image reconstruction.

Results

It was confirmed that the Body Still Shot function (which includes setting image reconstruction
parameters and reconstructing images) operates correctly under the configured conditions and
performed image reconstruction.

Clinical Tests Summary

AutoPose

Methods

Perform AutoPose performance test for each region. In the performance test, it is evaluated that the
AutoPose function reduces the number of steps compared to the conventional manual operation.
The performance test of AutoPose of Head (OM, SM, RB), Neck, Chest, Heart, Abdomen, Abdomen-
Pelvis, Chest-Abdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen, C-Spine, T-Spine, L-Spine, and T-L-Spine were
performed by certified radiological technologists. The information about the data in the tests is shown
below.

Page |6o0f7
FUJIFILM

Value from Innovation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Region Head Neck Chest Heart
Number of cases 50 50 52 54
Collection site Clinical sites in the USA
Region Abdomen Abdomen-Pelvis
Number of cases 52 52
Collection site Clinical sites in the USA

. Chest-Upper
Region Chest-Abdomen ‘Abdomen
Number of cases 50
Collection site Clinical sites in the USA

. . T- L- T-L-
Region C-Spine Spine Spine Spine
Number of cases 50 50 50 24
Collection site Clinical sites in the USA

 

Results

As the evaluation result, it was evaluated all the cases of AutoPose were able to reduce the number
of steps compared with manual scan range setting. In addition, even if the scan range set by
AutoPose is not set to the expected position, the maximum number of steps to be manually adjusted
is the same with manual scan range setting. So, the AutoPose function is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device.

However, AutoPose has not been evaluated in pediatric patients, and therefore, it is not intended for
use in pediatric patients.

Body Still Shot
Methods

To evaluate the image quality of the reconstruction techniques, the images reconstructed by
SCENARIA View system with and without the Body Still Shot were reviewed by Japanese M.D.

Results

Based on the review results, the function of Body Still Shot was evaluated to be able to obtain
images of sufficient quality.

Conclusions

FUJIFILM believes that, based on the information included in the submission, the subject device
SCENARIA View Phase 5.0 is substantially equivalent with respect to hardware, base elements of
the software, safety, effectiveness, and functionality to the predicate device SCENARIA View 4.2
(K231574).

Page |7of7
