 

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

K250427

 

Please provide the device trade name(s).

 

TAIMedimg DeepMets

Please provide your Indications for Use below.

TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software device intended to assist trained medical professionals by providing
initial object contours on axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced (T1WI+C) brain magnetic resonance (MR)
images to accelerate workflow for radiation therapy treatment planning.

TAIMedimg DeepMets is intended only for patients with known (imaging diagnosed) brain metastases (BM)
when cancer cells spread from primary site to the brain. It is not intended to be used with images of other
brain tumors or other body parts. The software is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of = 10
mm.

TAIMedimg DeepMets uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to contour images and offers automated
segmentation for Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of brain metastases. The software is an adjunctive
tool and not intended for replacing the users’ current standard practice of manual contouring process. All
automatic output generated by the software shall be thoroughly reviewed by a trained medical professional
prior to delivering any therapy or treatment. The physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the
final diagnosis and treatment decision.

TAIMedimg DeepMets is intended to be used by medical professionals trained in the use of the device.
Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered valid input. DeepMets does not support DICOM
images of patients that have one of the following exclusions:

(i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii) patients with clinical imaging diagnosis of brain tumors other than BM,
(iii) Images with patient motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
inadequate.

Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by TAlMedimg DeepMets,
as necessary, using an external platform available at the facility that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing
functions, such as image visualization software and treatment planning system.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as _[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

 

 

   

 

applicable). (1 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

TAIMedimg DeepMets Page 9 of 37
D TAimedimg K250427

510(k) Summary

The following information is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92.

1 Submitter Information

 

Company Name:

Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd.

 

3F., No. 1, Fuxing 4th Rd., Qianzhen Dist.,

 

 

 

Address: Kaohsiung City 806611
Taiwan

Contact Person: Bo-Ru Lin

Phone: +886-2-25555835

Email: boru.lin@ailabs.tw

 

Date Prepared

 

 

February 14, 2025

 

Proposed Device

 

Trade Name:

TAIMedimg DeepMets

 

Common Name:

DeepMets

 

Classification Name

Radiological Image Processing Software for Radiation Therapy

 

Regulation Description

Medical Image Management and Processing System

 

Product Code

QKB, QIH

 

Regulation Number

21 CFR 892.2050

 

 

 

 

Device Class Class II
Predicate Device

Device Name: VBrain

510(k) Number: K203235

 

Manufacturer:

Vysioneer Inc.

 

 

Product Code:

 

QKB

 

Page 1 of 8

 

 
® TAlMedimg

4

Device Description

TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software application system intended for use in the
contouring (segmentation) of brain magnetic resonance (MR) images. The device
comprises an AI inference module and a DICOM Radiotherapy Structure Sets
(RTSS, or RTSTRUCT) converter module.

The AI inference module consists of image preprocessing, deep learning neural
networks, and postprocessing components, and is intended to contour brain
metastasis on the axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced (T1WI+C) MR images. It
utilizes deep learning neural networks to generate contours and annotations for the
diagnosed brain metastases.

The DICOM RTSS converter module converts the contours, annotations, along
with metadata, into a standard DICOM-RTSTRUCT file, making it compatible
with radiotherapy treatment planning systems.

Intended Use/ Indication for Use

TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software device intended to assist trained medical
professionals by providing initial object contours on axial T1-weighted contrast-
enhanced (TIWI+C) brain magnetic resonance (MR) images to accelerate
workflow for radiation therapy treatment planning.

TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended only for patients with known (imaging
diagnosed) brain metastases (BM) when cancer cells spread from primary site to
the brain. It is not intended to be used with images of other brain tumors or other
body parts. The software is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of
210 mm.

TAIMedImg DeepMets uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to contour images
and offers automated segmentation for Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of
brain metastases. The software is an adjunctive tool and not intended for replacing
the users’ current standard practice of manual contouring process. All automatic
output generated by the software shall be thoroughly reviewed by a trained medical
professional prior to delivering any therapy or treatment. The physician retains the
ultimate responsibility for making the final diagnosis and treatment decision.

TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended to be used by medical professionals trained in
the use of the device.

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered valid input. DeepMets does
not support DICOM images of patients that have one of the following exclusions:

(i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii) patients with clinical imaging diagnosis of
brain tumors other than BM, (iii) Images with patient motion: excessive motion
leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.

Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by
TAIMedImg DeepMets, as necessary, using an external platform available at the
facility that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing functions, such as image
visualization software and treatment planning system.

Page 2 of 8
9 TAlMedimg

6 Comparison with Predicate Device

The proposed device, TAIMedImg DeepMets, is substantially equivalent to the
claimed predicate, VBrain (K203235). Both are AI (deep learning)-based software
used in the workflow of radiation therapy for tumor contouring on MRI images
and are regulated under the Product Code QKB. The primary difference is that
DeepMets focused solely on Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of brain
metastases, while VBrain also includes meningiomas and acoustic neuromas.
DeepMets is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of > 10 mm.

Please see Table A below for a comparison of the intended use and key
technological characteristics of the proposed device and the predicate device.

Table A. Comparison with the predicate device.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Use/Indicatio
n for Use

 

 

device intended to assist trained
medical professionals by providing
initial object contours on axial T1-
weighted contrast-enhanced
(T1WI+C) brain magnetic resonance
(MR) images to accelerate workflow
for radiation therapy treatment
planning.

TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended
only for patients with known
(imaging diagnosed) brain
metastases (BM) when cancer cells
spread from primary site to the brain.
It is not intended to be used with
images of other brain tumors or other
body parts. The software is intended
for use with BM lesions with a
diameter of > 10 mm.

TAIMedImg DeepMets uses an
artificial intelligence algorithm to

Page 3 of 8

 

Item Proposed Device Predicate Device

Company Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. Vysioneer Inc.

Device Name | TAIMedImg DeepMets VBrain

510k Number | Pending K203235

Regulation 21CFR 892.2050 21CFR 892.2050

No.

Classification | II I

Product Code | QKB, QIH QKB

Intended TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software | VBrain is a software device intended

to assist trained medical
professionals, during their clinical
workflows of radiation therapy
treatment planning, by providing
initial object contours of known
(diagnosed) brain tumors (i.e., the
region of interest, ROI) on axial T1
contrast-enhanced brain MRI images.
VBrain uses an artificial intelligence
algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural
networks) to contour (segment) brain
tumor on MRI images for trained
medical professionals’ attention,
which is meant for informational
purposes only and not intended for
replacing their current standard
practice of manual contouring
process. VBrain does not alter the
original MRI image, nor does it
intend to be used to detect tumors for

 
® TAlMedimg

 

contour images and offers automated
segmentation for Gross Tumor
Volume (GTV) contours of brain
metastases. The software is an
adjunctive tool and not intended for
replacing the users’ current standard
practice of manual contouring
process. All automatic output
generated by the software shall be
thoroughly reviewed by a trained
medical professional prior to
delivering any therapy or treatment.
The physician retains the ultimate
responsibility for making the final
diagnosis and treatment decision.
TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended
to be used by medical professionals
trained in the use of the device.
Only DICOM images of adult
patients are considered valid input.
DeepMets does not support DICOM
images of patients that have one of
the following exclusions:

(i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii)
patients with clinical imaging
diagnosis of brain tumors other than

BM, (iii) Images with patient motion:

excessive motion leading to artifacts
that make the scan technically
inadequate.

Medical professionals must finalize
(confirm or modify) the contours
generated by TAIMedImg
DeepMets, as necessary, using an
external platform available at the
facility that supports DICOM-RT
viewing/editing functions, such as
image visualization software and
treatment planning system.

diagnosis. VBrain is intended only
for generating Gross Tumor Volume
(GTV) contours of brain metastases,
meningiomas, and acoustic neuromas
on axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI
images; It is not intended to be used
with images of other brain tumors.
The user must know the tumor type
when they use VBrain. VBrain is
intended to be used on adult patients
only.

Medical professionals must finalize
(confirm or modify) the contours
generated by VBrain, as necessary,
using an external platform available
at the facility that supports DICOM-
RT viewing/editing functions, such
as image visualization software and
treatment planning system.

 

 

 

 

 

Operating Linux Linux

System

User The software is only used by trained | Trained medical professionals
Population medical professionals. including, but not limited to,

radiologists, oncologists, physicians,

 

Page 4 of 8

 
9 TAlMedimg

 

medical technologists, dosimetrists,
and physicists.

 

 

 

 

and Definition

metastases with a diameter of > 10

Patient Adult patients with known primary Adult patients with known

Population cancer (outside brain) and brain (diagnosed) brain metastases,
metastasis scheduled for radiation meningiomas, or acoustic neuromas
therapy. scheduled for radiation therapy.

Anatomical

ya | Brain Brain

Site

Supported Axial T1-weighted contrast- Axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI

Modalities enhanced (T1WI+C) brain magnetic | images
resonance (MR) images

Localization | Known (imaging diagnosed) brain Qualified brain tumors - brain

metastases, meningiomas, and

 

 

 

 

editing feature

 

 

 

of Objects mm acoustic neuromas

Performance | A performance evaluation of VBrain AI software for brain tumor

Testing TAIMedImg DeepMets for brain contouring (segmentation)
metastasis segmentation is performance test data sets consisted
proceeded, the clinical testing dataset | of 116 cases acquired from 4
comprised 158 cases from 16 MRI different institutions (3 US and 1
scan sources in US. Five metrics are | non-US). Five metrics are evaluated:
calculated and evaluated: (1) lesion- | (1) lesion-wise sensitivity, (2) false-
wise sensitivity, (2) false positive positive rate, (3) lesion-wise Dice
rate, (3) Dice Similarity Coefficient, | coefficient, (4) average Hausdorff
(4) Hausdorff distance and (5) distance, and (5) average centroid
centroid distance between DeepMets’ | distance between VBrain’s
segmentation and clinicians’ segmentation and clinicians’
segmentation. segmentation.

Segmentation | Deep learning Deep learning

(Contouring)

Technology

Design: Data | No No

Visualization/

Graphical

User Interface

Design: No No

Manual

 

Page 5 of 8

 
® TAlMedimg

 

 

 

 

 

Alteration of | No No
Original

Images

Data Export | DICOM-RT DICOM-RT

7 Performance Data
7.1 Software Verification and Validation Testing

For software design, Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. conducted and
documented the software verification and validation testing activities, in
accordance with FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Content of
Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” dated June 14, 2023, for
software devices identified as Enhanced Documentation Level.

In addition, the following standards have also been consulted during the software
V & V activities:

¢ IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016 Medical device software - Software life cycle
processes

¢ ISO 14971: 2019 Medical devices - Applications of risk management to
medical device

The Software V & V activities and documentation are based on the Enhanced
Documentation Level.

7.2. Training Dataset

The DeepMets model was initially trained on a retrospective dataset of 1,029
patients with brain metastases who underwent Gamma Knife radiosurgery,
collected from a major medical center in Taiwan between 1993 and 2017. Further
tuning was conducted using an additional dataset from 559 patients included in a
nationwide healthcare database covering the years 2018 to 2019.

7.3 Standalone Performance Testing

Standalone performance testing was conducted using an independent U.S. dataset
consisting of 158 MRI scans from 158 patients with 289 measurable lesions (=10
mm in diameter, as defined by RANO-BM criteria). The dataset included MRI
scans from 16 imaging facilities, acquired using scanners from GE, Philips,
Siemens, and Toshiba, with standardized parameters (axial T1WI+C with
gadolinium-based contrast, slice thickness < 5 mm, pixel size 0.3-1 mm, and 0-1
mm slice gap). The validation dataset was from the U.S., completely independent
and not used in any stage of algorithm development.

The demographic distribution of the dataset:
Gender: 75 Female, 83 Male

Page 6 of 8

 
9 TAlMedimg

Age: Adult, range from 41 to 92 years old; the average age is 66.65 years with a
standard deviation of 9.72.

Ethnicity: 4 Not Hispanic or Latin, 154 Unknown
Race: | African American, 104 White, 53 Unknown

Note: due to anonymization, ethnicity and race information were not available for
all cases.

Ground truth annotations were manually established based on consensus
NRG/RTOG clinical guidelines by three clinically — experienced
radiologists/neuroradiologists. These annotations reflected established clinical
segmentation standards for brain metastases and served as the reference standard
for all performance evaluations

Primary performance endpoints of performance testing included Lesion-Wise
Sensitivity (Se) and False Positive Rate (FPR), while secondary endpoints included
Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC), Hausdorff Distance (HD), and Centroid
Distance (CD).

Acceptance criteria for model performance were established by referencing
published benchmarks from FDA-cleared deep learning devices using deep
learning for lesion detection and segmentation, along with clinical standards
relevant to brain metastasis management. A summary of performance results along
with the acceptance criteria is presented below:

Table B: Summary of DeepMets performance

 

 

 

 

 

 

. Acceptance

Metric Mean 95% CI Criteria Source
Lesion-Wise Sensitivity Deep
(Se) (%) 89.97 (86.51, 93.43) | > 80 leaming
False-Positive Rate (FPR) Deep
(FPs/case) 0.354 (0.215,0.481) | <0.5 leaming
Dice Similarity Coefficient .
(DSc) 0.70 (0.67, 0.72) = 0.65 Estimated
Hausdorff Distance (HD) | 6 66 (586,741) | <8.0 Estimated
(mm) , ~
Centroid Distance (CD) 1.75 (133,211) | <2.0 Estimated
(mm)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Note: in “Source” column above, Deep learning means similar device using deep learning
technology, while Estimated indicates acceptance criteria were estimated based on the literature
and clinical justification.

Subgroup analysis demonstrated consistent Se and FPR across categories including
sex, age, number of metastases, lesion size, MRI magnetic field strength, slice
thickness, manufacturer, and imaging source. However, slightly higher FPRs were
also noted in the following groups:

- Subjects older than 71 years (FPR: 0.568 FPs/case, Se: 92.19%)

Page 7 of 8
® TAlMedimg

- Subjects imaged with 3T field strength (FPR: 0.509 FPs/case, Se:93.88%)

- Subjects scanned using Philips MRI devices (FPR: 0.537 FPs/case, Se:
94.90%)

- Subjects with more than 15 lesions (FPR: 0.750 FPs/case, Se: 80.0%)

These findings are included in the user documentation to guide clinical use.

The results of performance testing demonstrate that DeepMets performs as
expected.

8 Conclusion

In conclusion, Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. has conducted performance
testing on TAIMedImg DeepMets. The software passed its requirements for safety
and effectiveness and does not introduce any new potential safety risks. It
demonstrates that TAIMedImg DeepMets is substantially equivalent to and
performs at least as safely and effectively as the listed predicate devices.

Page 8 of 8
