Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions. K251276

 

Please provide the device trade name(s).

 

Swoop® Portable MR Imaging® System

 

Please provide your Indications for Use below.

The Swoop Portable MR Imaging System is a portable, ultra-low field magnetic resonance imaging device
for producing images that display the internal structure of the head where full diagnostic examination is not
clinically practical. When interpreted by a trained physician, these images provide information that can be
useful in determining a diagnosis.

 

Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as [XJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
applicable). Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 
FAYPERFINE

510(k) Summary

S ® Portable MR Imaging® Syst
woop® Portable maging” System K251276

510(k) SUBMITTER

Company Name: Hyperfine, Inc.
Company Address: 351 New Whitfield St
Guilford, CT 06437

CONTACT

Name: Kristen Evenson
Telephone: (612) 251-3030

Email: kevenson@hyperfine.io
Date Prepared: May 20, 2025

DEVICE IDENTIFICATION

Trade Name: Swoop® Portable MR Imaging® System

Common Name: Magnetic Resonance Imaging

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000

Classification Name: System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging Coil, Magnetic Resonance,

Specialty
Product Code: LNH; MOS
Regulatory Class: Class II

PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION

The subject Swoop Portable MR Imaging System is substantially equivalent to the predicate Swoop
System (K240944).

DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Swoop system is portable, ultra-low field MRI device that enables visualization of the internal
structures of the head using standard magnetic resonance imaging contrasts. The main interface is a
commercial off-the-shelf device that is used for operating the system, providing access to patient data,
exam setup, exam execution, viewing MRI image data for quality control purposes, and cloud storage
interactions. The system can generate MRI data sets with a broad range of contrasts. The Swoop system
user interface includes touch screen menus, controls, indicators, and navigation icons that allow the
operator to control the system and to view imagery. The Swoop System image reconstruction algorithm
utilizes deep learning to provide improved image quality for T1W, T2W, FLAIR, and DWI sequences.

The subject Swoop System described in this submission includes software modifications related to the
pulse sequences and image processing.

INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Swoop Portable MR Imaging System is a portable, ultra-low field magnetic resonance imaging
device for producing images that display the internal structure of the head where full diagnostic
examination is not clinically practical. When interpreted by a trained physician, these images provide
information that can be useful in determining a diagnosis.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DISCUSSION

The table below compares the subject device to the predicate.

 

\specification fubies Swoop Portable MR Imaging [Predicate Swoop Portable MR Imaging

stem System (K240944)
[The Swoop Portable MR Imaging System
lis a portable, ultra-low field magnetic
resonance imaging device for producing
limages that display the internal
Intended Use/ Indications for Use: ptructure of the head where full [Same
diagnostic examination is not clinically
practical. When interpreted by a trained
physician, these images provide
linformation that can be useful in
\determining a diagnosis.

Patient Population: (Adult and pediatric patients (2 0 years) [Same

 

 

 

(Anatomical Sites: [Head same

 

At the point of care in professional
health care facilities such as emergency

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Environment of Use: rooms, intensive/critical care units, Same
hospitals, outpatient, or rehabilitation
centers.

Energy Used and/or delivered: IMagnetic Resonance [Same

Magnet:

Physical Dimensions 835 mm x 630 mm x 652 mm [Same
Bore Opening 610 mm x 315 mm Same
Weight 320 kg [Same
Field Strength 63.3 mT permanent magnet [Same

Gradient:

Strength : 24 mT/m, Y: 23 mT/m, Z: 39 mT/m Same

 

 

 

 

 

Rise Time : 2.1 ms, Y: 2.0 ms, Z: 3.8 ms Same

 
 

Specification

uber Swoop Portable MR Imaging

Predicate Swoop Portable MR Imaging|

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

stem System (K240944)
Slew Rate 24 T/m/s, Y: 22 T/m/s, Z: 21 T/m/s Same
[Computer Display [Hyperfine-supplied tablet [Same
IRF Coils:
Number of Coils lt head coil same
Coil Type |TX/RX [Same
Coil Geometry Form-fitting [Same
Inner Dimensions (mm) |205 mm x 240 mm Same
Coil Design Linear Volume [Same
Patient Weight Capacity |1.6kg-200 kg [Same
(Operation Temperature 115-30 C Same
Warm Up Time 3 minutes Same
\Temperature Control INo Same
Humidity Control INo [Same
Image Processing:
Noise Correction Noise eahiepiial and line noise same
suppression for all sequences
\T1W
© = T1-Standard Advanced Gridding same
e _71-Gray/White Contrast
\T2W
° 72 Advanced Gridding [Same
e 12-Fast
FLAIR Advanced Gridding same

 

[Advanced Gridding,
Fast Iterative Shrinkage Thresholding
[Algorithm (FISTA)

Fast Iterative Shrinkage Thresholding
(Algorithm (FISTA)

 

mage Post-Processing

 

le Advanced Denoising

le Image orientation transform

le Geometric distortion correction
le Receive coil intensity correction
le Advanced Interpolation

le DICOM output

 

le Advanced Denoising

le Image orientation transform

le Geometric distortion correction
le Receive coil intensity correction
le DICOM output

 

 

 

The subject device and the predicate device have the same intended use, operating principles, and

similar technological characteristics. There are minor differences between the subject device and the
predicate in pulse sequences and image processing. These differences do not raise new questions of
safety and efficacy as compared to the predicate.

NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE

As part of demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate, a risk-based assessment was
completed to identify the risks associated with the modifications. Based on the risk assessment, the
following testing was performed. The subject device passed all the testing in accordance with internal
requirements and applicable standards to support substantial equivalence.

 

 

software requirements were met.

rest Test Description (Applicable Standard(s)
software Software verification testing in accordance with 1eC 62304:2016
cee at the design requirements to ensure that the FDA Guidance, Content of Premarket
erification Submissions for Device Software

Functions”

 

ll mage Performance

\Testing to verify the subject device meets all
image quality criteria.

le NEMA MS 1-2008 (R2020)

le NEMA MS 3-2008 (R2020)

le NEMA MS 9-2008 (R2020)

le NEMA MS 12-2016

le American College of Radiology
standards for named sequences

 

\Testing to verify cybersecurity controls and

le FDA Guidance, “Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices: Quality System

 

 

 

|Cybersecurit
v Y management. Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions”
Software Validation to ensure the subject device meets FDA Guidance, “Content of Premarket
i dati i Submissions for Device Software
‘alidation luser needs and performs as intended.

 

Functions”

 

The following testing was leveraged from the predicate device. Test results from the predicate were
used to support the subject device because the conditions were identical or the subject device
modifications did not introduce a new worst-case configuration or scenario for testing.

 

fest

Test Description

[Applicable Standard(s)

 

Biocompatibility

Biocompatibility testing of patient-contacting
materials.

ISO 10993-1:2018
ISO 10993-5:2009
le _1SO 10993-10:2010

 

je FDA Guidance, “Reprocessing Medical
Devices in Health Care Settings:

 

 

 

 

for Magnetic Resonance Imaging Systems.

 

prea feaning and disinfection validation of patient- Validation Methods and Labeling”
8 ° le 1SO 17664:2017
je ASTM F3208-17
safer Electrical Safety, EMC, and Essential Performance *  ANSI/AAMI ES 60601-1:2005/(R)2012
Y testing. °
le
[Characterization of the Specific Absorption Rate
Performance NEMA MS 8-2016

 

 

ADVANCED RECONSTRUCTION PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS AND VALIDATION

 

Performance analysis and validation of the subject device Advanced Reconstruction models was
performed using a test dataset entirely independent from the dataset used for model training. The test
dataset comprised of a total of 118 individual subjects and 378 unique images collected using sequence

 

 
types available on the subject device. For each subject, a subset of the following sequences were
scanned, chosen appropriately for the indication for imaging: T1 Graywhite, T1 Standard, T2, T2 Fast,
FLAIR, DWI (DWI b=0, DWI b=900, ADC). Axial, Sagittal, and Coronal orientations were included; for DWI,
only Axial was available. A description of the acceptance criteria and subset of data used for each test is
included in the test summaries below.

In all cases, models are trained and validated with MRI data and images as the only inputs and outputs;
there are no confounding factors and clinical subgroups are not defined or considered. While gender and
age are available for most subjects, age, gender, ethnic background, and pathology are not expected to
influence model architecture.

Performance Analysis:

Study Design: Advanced Reconstruction was assessed for robustness, stability, and generalizability over a
variety of subjects, design parameters, artifacts, and scan conditions using reference-based metrics.
Aset of images including Swoop data, high field images, and synthetic contrast images, was used as
ground truth target images. Test input data (synthetic k-space generated from the target images) was
reconstructed using both Advanced and Linear Reconstruction, and the similarity to the original ground
truth image was compared between the two reconstruction methods. Reconstruction outputs with
motion and zipper artifacts were qualitatively assessed.

Reference Standard and Metrics:

Normalized mean squared error (NMSE) and structural similarity index (SSIM) were used to compare the
ability of Advanced Reconstruction to reproduce the ground truth image compared to Linear
Reconstruction.

Dataset and Sample Size per Model:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T1, 72, 44 92 Gender
FLAIR Female Male Unknown
55% 30% 15%
Age
0-2 2-18 18-35, 35-60 60+ 18+* Unknown
16% 14% 11% 20% 23% 9% 7%
*partially anonymized
Ethnicity data not recorded.
Number of sites: 9
Equipment
Swoop Mk1.7 Swoop Mk1.8 Swoop Mk1.9
57% 9% 34%
Included pathology: Alzheimer’s Disease, Hemorrhage, Hydrocephalus,
Hypoglycemia, Intracereberal Hemorrhage, Multiple Sclerosis, Subdural
Hemorrhage, Seizure, Traumatic Brain Injury, Treacher Collins Syndrome,
Tumor, White Matter Hyperintensity
Dw! 34 65 Gender:
Female Male Unknown
41% 47% 12%
Age:
0-2 2-18 18-35, 35-60 60+ Unknown
21% 15% 18% 23% 18% 5%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ethnicity data not recorded.

Number of sites: 6

 

 

Equipment:
Swoop Mk1.7 Swoop Mk1.9
73% 27%

 

 

 

 

Included pathology: Alzheimer’s Disease, Hemorrhage, Hydrocephalus,
Hypoglycemia, Subdural Hemorrhage, Seizure, Traumatic Brain Injury,
Thrombosis, Treacher Collins Syndrome, White Matter Hyperintensity

 

 

Study Results:

For all models and all test datasets NMSE was reduced and SSIM was improved for Advanced
Reconstruction test images compared to Linear Reconstruction test images. Advanced Reconstruction
preserved the presentation of motion and zipper artifacts and no unexpected output was observed.
Contrast-to-Noise Ratio Validation

Study Design: Regions of interest (ROI) encompassing pathologies were annotated and reviewed by two
American Board of Radiology (ABR) certified radiologists. The contrast-to-noise of hyper- and hypo-
intense pathologies were measured with respect to healthy white matter tissue from the same image.
The inclusion criterion for images used for this study was at least one visible pathology.

Reference Standard and Metrics: Linear Reconstruction was used as the reference standard for the
comparison. Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR) between pathology and healthy tissues was measured to
quantify how accurately pathology features are preserved by Advanced Reconstruction.

The mean CNR of Advanced Reconstruction was required to be greater than the mean CNR of the
baseline Linear Reconstruction at statistical significance level of 0.05 for each sequence type.

Dataset and Sample Size:

16 images per sequence type were included for lesion annotation. All annotated images were then
reviewed and inaccurate ROI annotations were excluded from the analysis. The data meeting inclusion
criteria are described below.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Patients 43
Images 95,
ROls 316
Demographics | Gender:
and other Female Male Unknown
Variability 62% 17% 21%
Age:
0-2 2-18 18-35 35-60 60+ 2+* Unknown
8% 31% 7% 10% 31% 9% 4%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*partially anonymized
Ethnicity data not recorded.
Number of sites: 8

Equipment type:
Swoop Mk1.7 Swoop Mk1.8 Swoop Mk1.9
36% 18% 46%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Included pathology: stroke, white matter disease, hemorrhage, tumor, hydrocephalus,
cerebral edema, hypoxic brain injury, Alzheimer’s, Treacher-Collins syndrome, seizures,
multiple sclerosis, post-surgical tumor resection, and thrombectomy follow-up

 

 

 

 
Study Results: In all cases, CNR of Advanced Reconstruction was greater than or equal to Linear
Reconstruction for both hyper- and hypo-intense pathologies. The study result demonstrates that
Advanced Reconstruction does not unexpectedly modify, remove, or reduce the contrast of pathology
features.

Advanced Reconstruction Image Validation

Study Design: Five external, ABR-certified radiologists representing clinical users were asked to review
side-by-side clinical image sets taken with the subject Swoop System, reconstructed with both Advanced
and Linear Reconstruction. The reviewers rated the images using a five-point scale for image quality and
the consistency of diagnosis using both methods in the categories of noise, sharpness, contrast,
geometric fidelity, artifact, and overall image quality.

Reference Standard and Metrics:

Linear Reconstruction was used as the reference standard for the comparison. Advanced Reconstruction
was required to perform at least as well as Linear Reconstruction in all categories (median score 20 on
Likert scale) and perform better (21 on Likert scale) in at least one of the quality-based categories.

Dataset and Sample size:
Asample size of at least 16 was used per sequence. Within the sample dataset at least four cases for
each sequence-available image orientation (axial, sagittal, coronal) were used.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Patients 46
Images 177
Demographics | Gender:
and other Female Male Unknown
Variability 31% 23% 46%
Age:
0-2 2-18 18-35, 35-60 60+ 2+*
6% 11% 6% 17% 39% 21%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*partially anonymized
Ethnicity data not recorded.

Number of sites: 11

Equipment type:
Swoop Mk1.7 Swoop Mk1.8 Swoop Mk1.9
20% 10% 70%

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Included pathology: Alzheimer’s Disease, Cavernous malformation, Cerebral Amyloid
Angiopathy, Cerebral Tuberculosis, Cortical dysplasia, Edema, Empyema Evacuation,
Ethmoidectomy, Hemorrhage, Hydrocephalus, Multiple Sclerosis, Subarachnoid
Hemorrhage, Subdural Hemorrhage, Seizure, Stroke, Subdural Empyema, Thrombosis,
Treacher Collins Syndrome, Tumor, White Matter Hyperintensity

 

 

 

 
Test Results: Advanced Reconstruction achieved a median score of 2 (the most positive rating scale
value) in all categories. This scoring indicates reviewers found Advanced Reconstruction improved image
quality while maintaining diagnostic consistency relative to Linear Reconstruction.

CONCLUSION

Based on the intended use, technological characteristics, performance results, and comparison to the
predicate, the subject Swoop Portable MR Imaging System has been shown to be substantially
equivalent to the predicate device identified in this submission and does not present any new issues of
safety or effectiveness.
