
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES.
Food and Drug Administration

Indications for Use

Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K242292

 

Device Name

 

uAI Easy Triage ICH

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

 

 

uAI Easy Triage ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device
indicated for analysis of non-enhanced head CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital
networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and prioritizing studies with
suspected positive findings of Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

 

 

 

 

 

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated

to average 79 hours per response, including the

time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

 

 

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
K242292

 

510 (k) SUMMARY

1. Date of Preparation:
August 01, 2024

2. Sponsor Identification

Shanghai United 1 ing Intelli Co. Ltd
No. 701 Yunjin Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, 200232,
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

Primary Contact Correspondent :

MCRA Digital Health

Contact Person: Nima Akhlaghi

Position: Director, Digital Health, AI & Imaging Center Lead
Tel: 202-742-3889

Email: nakhlaghi@mcra.com

Applicant Contact Person:

Zhao Xiaojing

Position: Quality & Regulatory Manager
Tel: +86-02 1-67076888-5386

Email: xiaojing.zhao@uii-ai.com

3. Identification of Proposed Device

Trade Name: uAl Easy Triage ICH
Common Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
Model(s): uAI Easy Triage ICH

Regulatory Information

Classification Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
Classification: IT

Product Code: QAS

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080

Review Panel: Radiology

4. Identification of Predicate Device(s)
Page 1 of 12

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
K242292

 

Predicate Device
510(k) Number: K221716
Device Name: CINA

5. Device Description

uAI Easy Triage ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
software intended to assist radiologists by flagging potential intracranial hemorrhage
(ICH) in non-contrast head CT images. The Triage Software is a component of the uAI
Easy Triage platform, a comprehensive medical imaging communication system
designed to integrate and deploy specialized image processing applications.

The uAI Easy Triage ICH algorithm uses artificial intelligence CNN (convolutional
neural networks) and advanced image processing to triage the non-contrast CT images
for suspicious intracranial hemorrhage.

To train and internally test this ICH CADt device, a total of 9791 data points were
collected from multiple sites as well as cases in China. Only cases that met the
inclusion criteria were used. The reference standard (ground truth) was established in
the form of ICH positive/negative by radiologists.

To clarify, 9791 cases were only used for training and internal testing and final
validation data was from USA and independent from those used for training and
internal testing.

6. Indications for use

uAI Easy Triage ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
software device indicated for analysis of non-enhanced head CT images. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by
flagging and prioritizing studies with suspected positive findings of Intracranial
Hemorrhage (ICH).

7. Summary of Technological Characteristics

uAI Easy Triage ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
software intended to assist radiologists by flagging potential ICH in non-contrast head
CT images. The software is a component of the uAI Easy Triage platform, a

Page 2 of 12

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
K242292

 

comprehensive medical imaging communication system designed to integrate and
deploy specialized image processing applications.

The uAI Easy Triage ICH alerts users to new studies with suspicious ICH findings via
pop-up notifications. The software provides both active and passive notification
mechanisms. Active notifications are presented as an alert icon with a count of pending
cases, and an alert status bar displaying patient details, suspected findings, and the time
of examination. Passive notifications are represented by an icon beside the patient's
name in the list for cases with detected ICH findings. Additionally, the application
offers a DICOM image preview feature for radiologists to review. This preview is
strictly informational, devoid of diagnostic markers, and is not to be used for definitive
diagnosis.

The uAI Easy Triage ICH embodies the core algorithmic technology that identifies
image characteristics consistent with intracranial hemorrhage. The application reads
DICOM files, verifies their compatibility with the prescribed acquisition protocols,
executes the triage algorithm, and communicates findings in DICOM format,
compatible with the uAI Easy Triage Platform.

Page 3 of 12

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
K242292

UNITED IMAGING
Intelligence

 

Table 1 Substantial Equivalence Table

 

Item

Proposed Device
uAl Easy Triage ICH

Predicate Device

CINA (K221716)

Remark

 

Radiological Computer Aided

Radiological Computer Aided

 

 

 

 

Device Classification Name Triage And Notification Software | Triage And Notification Software Same
Product Code QAS QAS Same
Regulation Number 21 CFR 892.2080 21 CFR 892.2080 Same
Device Class I I Same
Classification Panel Radiology Radiology Same

 

Intended Use/Indications for
Use

 

 

uAI Easy Triage ICH is a
radiological computer-assisted
triage and notification software
device indicated for analysis of
non-enhanced head CT images.
The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and trained

radiologists in workflow triage by

 

Cina is a radiological computer
aided triage and notification
software indicated for use in the
analysis of (1) non-enhanced head
CT images and (2) CT
angiography of the head.

The device is intended to assist

 

Compared to predicate device, the
proposed device provides one
applications for ICH while the
predicate device CINA (K221716)
provides two applications for ICH
and LVO.

uAlI Easy Triage ICH and the
predicate device CINA(K221716)
have the same intended use

 

 

Page 4 of 12

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
K242292

UNITED IMAGING a

Intelligence

 

Item

Proposed Device

uAl Easy Triage ICH

Predicate Device

CINA (K221716)

Remark

 

 

 

flagging and prioritizing studies
with suspected positive findings of

Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).

 

hospital networks and trained
radiologists in workflow triage by
flagging and communicating
suspected positive findings of (1)
head CT images for Intracranial
Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) head
CT angiography for large vessel
occlusion (LVO) of the anterior
circulation (distal ICA, MCA-M1
or proximal MCA-M2).

Cina uses an artificial intelligence
algorithm to analyze images and
highlight cases with detected (1)
ICH or (2) LVO ona standalone
Web application in parallel to the
ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for

cases with suspected ICH or LVO

 

and\indications for use in terms of
finding suspected intracranial
hemorrhage in non-enhanced head
CT, flagging suspected cases, and
indicating the case to the attention of
the clinician.

 

Page 5 of 12

 

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
UNITED IMAGING

 

 

 

K242292 Intelligence
Proposed Device Predicate Device
Item Remark
uAl Easy Triage ICH CINA (K221716)
findings.

Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only, and
are not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device
does not alter the original medical
image, and it is not intended to be

used as a diagnostic device.

The results of Cina are intended to
be used in conjunction with other
patient information and based on
professional judgement to assist
with triage/prioritization of
medical images. Notified
clinicians are ultimately
responsible for reviewing full

images per the standard of care.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 6 of 12

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
UNITED IMAGING

 

 

 

K242292 Intelligence
Proposed Device Predicate Device
Item Remark
uAl Easy Triage ICH CINA (K221716)
User population Radiologist Radiologist Same
Anatomical region of interest Head Head Same

 

Data acquisition protocol

Non-contrast CT scan of the head

Non-contrast CT scan of the head
or neck and CT angiogram images

of the brain

Compared to predicate device, the
proposed device supports non-
contrast head CT data for ICH
application while the predicate device
support non-contrast head CT data for
ICH application or neck and brain CT
angiogram data for LVO application.
The difference between the proposed
device and the predicate device will
not impact the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device.

 

DICOM information about the

DICOM information about the

 

interest

 

 

highlight, or direct users’ attention

to a specific location in the

 

highlight, or direct users’ attention

to a specific location in the

 

View DICOM data : . . . Same
patient, study and current image patient, study and current image
. : No; device does not mark, No; device does not mark,
Segmentation of region of
Same

 

 

Page 7 of 12

 

--- Page 12 (OCR) ---
UNITED IMAGING

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

K242292 Intelligence
Proposed Device Predicate Device
Item Remark
uAl Easy Triage ICH CINA (K221716)
original image original image
Artificial intelligence algorithm Artificial intelligence algorithm
Algorith: S
Sonam with database of images with database of images ame
Notification /
Yes Yes Same
Prioritization
Presentation of a preview of the Presentation of a preview of the
study for initial assessment not study for initial assessment not
meant for diagnostic purposes. meant for diagnostic purposes.
Preview . . . .
The device operates in parallel The device operates in parallel Same
images with the standard of care, which with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all remains the default option for all
cases. cases.
Alteration of
No No Same
original image
Removal of No No Same

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 8 of 12

 

--- Page 13 (OCR) ---
K242292

UNITED IMAGING a
Intelligence

 

Item

Proposed Device

uAl Easy Triage ICH

Predicate Device

CINA (K221716)

Remark

 

cases from

worklist queue

 

Structure

 

 

- ICH image processing

applications

- uAl Easy Triage Platform,
including Alert Icon, Patient

Management, and Image Viewer.

 

- LVO and ICH image processing

applications

- Cina Platform (worklist and

Image Viewer)

 

Compared to predicate device, the
proposed device have same software
structure and add an alert icon
module to pop-up the suspected
positive findings of ICH. The
difference between the proposed
device and the predicate device will
not impact the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device.

 

Page 9 of 12

 

--- Page 14 (OCR) ---
K242292 UNITED IMAGING Ub

Intelligence
8. Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
equivalence determination.

Biocompatibility
Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

Software Verification and Validation

Software verification and validation testing was provided to demonstrate safety and
efficacy of the proposed device.

Per FDA Guidance “GUIDANCE FOR THE CONTENT OF PRE-MARKET
SUBMISSIONS FOR SOFTWARE CONTAINED IN DEVICES”, dated June 14,
2023, the Level of Concern of the software contained in the proposed device is
determined to be: Basic Documentation Level.

Those documentations include:
* Software Description
+ Risk management File
* Software Requirements Specification (SRS)
* Software Architecture Diagram
* Software Development Environment Description
+ Software Verification and Validation
* Software Version History
* Cybersecurity Documents

Animal Study
No animal study was required.

Clinical Studies
No clinical study was required.

Performance Testing

Algorithm training of uAI Portal software has been conducted on images collected
from China as training dataset. The dataset ensures a variety of data for different gender,

Page 10 of 12

--- Page 15 (OCR) ---
UNITED IMAGING =
K242292 Intelligence
age, equipment and CT protocol. Algorithm validation has been conducted on data
from the USA. To validate the uAI Easy Triage ICH software from a clinical
perspective, the AI-based algorithm contained in the product underwent a retrospective
study to evaluate the performance of uAI Easy Triage ICH in terms of sensitivity,
specificity and time to notification to identify/notify patients with suspected

Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) processing non-contrast CT images.

Sensitivity and specificity of uAI Easy Triage ICH in processing of non-contrast head
CT have been analyzed by comparison to a ground truth established by majority read
of 3 U.S.-board-certified neuroradiologists.

A total of 295 non-contrast CT scans (studies) were obtained from different zip codes
across four U.S. states. There were approximately equal numbers of positive and
negative cases (147 of images with ICH and 148 without ICH, respectively) included
in the analysis.

Regarding the validation of the algorithm, the test data was used independently from
that used for training, tuning and internal testing dataset.

The validation data demographic information is summarized below.

Table 2 Clinical testing data subgroup information

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subgroup Breakdown. Sample Size
Male 49%
Gender Female 51%
18-45 17%
Age Ranges (Years) [45-65 36%
65+ 47%
White 63%
Race Group Black 18%
others 19%
GE 17%
Equipment Philips 21%
Siemens 62%
Intraparenchymal Hemorrhage (IPH) 30%
Intraventricular Hemorrhage (IVH) 17%
ICH Subtypes Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH) 24%
Subdural Hemorrhage (SDH) 22%
Extradural Hemorrhage (EDH) 0.3%

 

Comparing the uAI Easy Triage ICH software output to the ground truth, the sensitivity
and specificity of uAI Easy Triage ICH are 92% (95% CI: 86%-96%) and 95% (95%
Cl: 90%-98%), respectively, exceeding the acceptance criteria of 80%.

Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. In fact, the validation
data was acquired from different regions across the U.S. to account for race/ethnicity

Page 11 of 12

--- Page 16 (OCR) ---
UNITED IMAGING Ub

K242292 Intelligence
in the intended U.S. patient population. Detailed subgroup analysis were reported in

the labeling.

The uAI Easy Triage ICH Time to Notification was measured during the study. The
average Time to Notification in seconds was 41.1 with a 95% confidence interval (CI)
for the mean equaling (40.1, 42.1).

In conclusion, the performance of the study for the validation of uAI Easy Triage ICH
demonstrates that the device is effective for triage and notification as the performance
levels (sensitivity and specificity) meet the predefined acceptance criteria and the time
to notification of the device is similar to the predicate device’s time.

Other Standards and Guidance

* NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Set

* ISO 14971 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices
(Third Edition 2019-12).

* IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes (Edition 1.1
2015-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION).

* Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions (Document issued on September 27, 2023).

9. Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

Compare to the predicate device, the subject device has a subset of the predicate
application which resulted in a limited indication for use. The subject device has
similar technological characteristics compare to the predicate device and the difference
does not raise any new question of safety and effectiveness. Therefore the subject
device is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate.

Page 12 of 12
