DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

k242300
Device Name

MI View&GO

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis
and comparison of medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO supports functional
data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical
datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).

MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in
the management of diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function.
The images and results produced by MI View&GO can also be used by the physician to aid in
radiotherapy treatment planning.

 

 

 

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
x Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
 

K242300 SIEMENS
Healthineers
510(k) Summary
1. Identification of the Submitter
Submitter / Primary Contact Brian Wui
Person Regulatory Affairs

hansong.wui@siemens-healthineers.com
+1 (865) 367-4337

Secondary Contact Person Clayton Ginn

Regulatory Affairs
clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
+1 (865) 898-2692

Applicant Name and Address Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA

2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
Establishment Registration Number: 1423253

2. Device Name and Classification

Product Trace Name:
Common Name:
Classification Name:
Classification Panel:
CFR Section:

Device Class:
Product Code:

MI View&GO VA30

Medical image management and processing system
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Radiology

21 CFR §892.2050

Class Il

QlH

3. Predicate Devices

Primary Predicate Device:

Product Trace Name:
510(k) Number:
Clearance Date:
Common Name:
Classification Name:
Classification Panel:
CFR Section:

Device Class:
Product Code:

MI View&GO VA20

K201202

07/21/2022

Medical image management and processing system
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Radiology

21 CFR §892.2050

Class Il

QlH

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 1
Reference Device
Trade Name:
510(k) Number:
Clearance Date:
Common Name:

Classification Name:

Classification Panel:
CFR Section:

Device Class:
Product Code:

SIEMENS
Healthineers

 

syngo.via MI Workflows VB80

K232000

11/28/2023

Medical image management and processing system
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Radiology

21 CFR §892.5050

Class Il

QlH

4. Device Description

MI View&GO is a software-only medical device which will be delivered in conjunction with Siemens
SPECT/CT and PET/CT scanners. MI View&GO software provides additional specific capabilities for
handling of PET and SPECT as well as CT and MR data directly at the acquisition console.

The MI View&GO software integrates molecular imaging more efficiently in the clinical environment by
providing an interface for its users to review, post-process and read medical images immediately after
acquisition. The purpose of the MI View&GO is to allow the technologist and reading physician to:

¢ — Review acquired and reconstructed images at the scanner console
¢ Determine that the acquired data is of sufficient quality for reading, so the patient can be

released.

e Prepare images for reading
e Perform a basic read

5. Indications for Use

MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis and
comparison of medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO supports functional data,

such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets,
such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).

MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in the
management of diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The
images and results produced by MI View&GO can also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy

treatment planning.

6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device

The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 2
SIEMENS
Healthineers

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

 

MI View&GO with software version VA30 software provides the same technological characteristics in
terms of materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed
predicate device since all devices are software only devices.

The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.

The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

© Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)

e  Server/Client architecture

© Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
e Feature Licensing Structure

e SUV values calculated

The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.
MI View&GO VA30:

e MI Features:
o. Brain AC-PC(Anterior Commissure — Posterior Commissure)
o. PERCIST
o VOI Isocontour
e Shared Software Common Tools and CT Features:
o. Layout Editor
o Average
o. Stroke Layout
e Layout Improvements:
o MIP (Maximum Intensity Projection) Rotation
o Volume Stripe Image Order

Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 3
SIEMENS
Healthineers

8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions

 

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Software Verification and Validation

‘Enhanced’ software documentation per FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions” issued on June, 2023 is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the predetermined
acceptance criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and functional
specifications, including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of substantial
equivalence.

Performance Testing

The device under application, MI View&GO, did not conduct any additional performance testing.

Risk Analysis

The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the predetermined acceptance
criteria. Testing for verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims
of substantial equivalence.

Standards
Siemens hereby certifies that MI View&GO meets the following FDA Recognized Consensus standards
listed below:

 

 

 

 

Designation coy
Number and | 1, Development | Recognition
Edition/Dat PI Number

: Organization

PS 3.1-3.20 | Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine

2023e (DICOM) set NEMA 12-349
62304

Edition 1.1

2015-06 Medical Device Software ~Software Life Cycle AAMI ANS! | 45 75
CONSOLIDA | Processes IEC ~

TED

VERSION

14971 Third : oe

Edition Media devices ~ Application of risk management to | |< 5-15
2019-12 neaveew!

 

 

 

 

 

 

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 4
SIEMENS
Healthineers

 

 

62366-1
Edition 1.1
2020-06
CONSOLIDA
TED
VERSION

Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability
engineering to medical devices

AAMI, ANSI,
IEC

5-129

 

15223-1
Fourth
edition
2021-07

Medical devices - Symbols to be used with medical
device labels, labelling, and information to be
supplied - Part 1: General requirements

Iso

5-134

 

20417 First
edition
2021-04
Corrected
version
2021-12

 

 

Medical devices — Information to be supplied by the
manufacturer

 

Iso

5-135,

 

 

 

Conclusion

There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the MI View&GO VA30 software as compared to the currently commercially available
MI View&GO VA20 software (K222172).

Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.

Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information, as well as the
documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the MI View&GO software—
with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
