
--- Page 4 (OCR) ---
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026

Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

 

 

Submission Number (if known)

 

K240036

Device Name

PIUR tUS Infinity

 

 

 

 

Indications for Use (Describe)

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support medical
professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-cleared
ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The device supports
the physician with additional information during image review, including quantification and
visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply.

The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole source for
treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

PIUR tUS Infinity device is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation blood).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

[X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services

Food and Drug Administration

Office of Chief Information Officer

Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff

PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

--- Page 5 (OCR) ---
510(K) SUMMARY
510(k) Number: K240036
Date Prepared: September 20, 2024

Table 1: Submitter Information

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Manufacturer: Manufacturer’s Contact Person:

PIUR Imaging GmbH Jennifer Willner

Hamburgerstr. 11/Top 7 President JW Regulatory Consulting LLC

1050 Vienna Austria Phone: +1 (612) 240-8904

US FDA ERN: Pending Email: Jennifer@JWRegulatoryConsulting.com
Table 2: Device Information

Trade Name PIUR tUS Infinity

Common Name PIUR tUS Infinity

Classification Name Picture Archiving and Communications System

Regulation 21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code QIH

Regulatory Classification: | Class II

Device Panel: Radiology (OHT8)

 

 

 

 

The PIUR tUS Infinity is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate AmCAD-
UT (Table 3). Neither of these have been subject to a design-related recall.

Table 3: Predicate Devices
Predicate Device Manufacturer FDA 510(k)
AmCAD-UT AmCad BioMed Corporation K203555

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Device Description

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided solution to aid in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and
thyroid nodules, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. Computer vision and
machine learning algorithms are applied to a sequence of ultrasound images of the thyroid that
have been acquired by a compatible FDA-cleared ultrasound system. The solution identifies the
thyroid lobe and proposes its margins to the user who then can make adjustments to the
segmentation and approve the final result. Based on this, a lobe volume is calculated. With
additional user input, thyroid nodules can be marked, quantified, and visualized as multiplanar
reconstructions or 3D volume renderings. The system provides a user interface for the user to
select the five ACR TI-RADS parameters and calculates the ACR TI-RADS level from the user
input for each nodule. All proposed results must be verified, adjusted if necessary, and confirmed
by the user before they can be added to an automatically generated clinical report.

The Infinity software runs on a stand-alone computer (Infinity Workstation — not part of the
medical product) that fulfils the defined minimum requirements. It takes as an input a sequence
of ultrasound images that are transmitted from the ultrasound to the Infinity Workstation

PIUR Imaging September 2024

--- Page 6 (OCR) ---
wirelessly through the Infinity Box. The Infinity Box is a piece of hardware that connects to
compatible standard ultrasound systems via digital video output such as HDMI or DVI. It grabs
2D ultrasound images through a video grabber and transfers the images to the Infinity
Workstation via Wi-Fi in real-time. In addition, a small Infinity Sensor must be clipped onto the
ultrasound transducer using individually designed attachments. An inertial measurement unit
(IMU) tracks the orientation of the transducer during the scan and sends this information to the
Infinity Workstation via Bluetooth. The Infinity Workstation combines information from the
Infinity Box and Sensor to generate tomographic 3D ultrasound volumes on which the above-
described image analysis can be performed.

The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain only and must not be used as a sole
source for diagnostic or treatment decisions.

The solution is intended to be used on patients aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply, in
a non-sterile environment. The solution is not intended to be used on patients with open wounds
or irritated skin or during surgery.

Indications for Use

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support medical
professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-
cleared ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The device
supports the physician with additional information during image review, including quantification
and visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply.

The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole source
for treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

PIUR tUS Infinity device is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation
blood).

Technological Characteristics

The PIUR tUS Infinity system provides the following functions:
e Use of ultrasound image post-processing to aid in the diagnosis of thyroid diseases.

¢ Operates in combination with hardware to generate 3D volumes. The Infinity Sensor is
connected to the ultrasound transducer to detect probe movement for spatial 3D
information. This use of hardware allows for reduced inter- and intra-observer variability
compared to 2D ultrasound.

PIUR Imaging September 2024

--- Page 7 (OCR) ---
e Provides volumetric information as diagnostic output for the thyroid lobe and nodule as
additional information. This includes nodule volume, which can be important for
evaluating nodule growth over time.

Performance Standards
PIUR tUS Infinity has been developed in conformance with the following standards and FDA
guidance, as applicable:
e ISO 13485:2016, Quality management systems — Requirements for regulatory purposes
e ISO 14971:2019, Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices

e IEC 62366-1:2015, Medical devices — Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
medical devices

e IEC 62304:2015, Medical device software — Software lifecycle processes
e IEC 82304-1:2016, Health Software Part 1: General Requirements for Product Safety

e EN 301 489-1 V2.2.3 (2019-11) — Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for
radio equipment and services; Part I: common technical requirements; Harmonized
standard covering essential requirements of article 3.1b of Directive 2014/53/EU and the
essential requirements of article 6 of Directive 2014/30/EU

e EN 301 489-17 V3.2.4:2020 — Electromagnetic compatibility and Radio spectrum
Matters (ERM); Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for radio equipment; Part
17: Specific conditions for Broadband Data Transmission Systems

e IEC 60601-1:2013 — Medical electrical equipment — Part 1: General requirements for
basic safety and essential performance

e IEC 60601-1-2:2014 — Medical electrical equipment General requirements for basic
safety and essential performance. Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances.
Requirements and tests

e IEC 60601-2-37:2016 — Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements
for the basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and
monitoring equipment

e ISO 15223-1:2021, Medical devices — Symbols to be used with information to be
supplied by the manufacturer — Part 1: General requirements

e IEC 60417:2002, Graphical symbols for use on equipment
e NEMA PS 3.1-3.20:2016, Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)

e Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
Devices, September 2023

e¢ Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology
Device Data — Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions, September 2022

PIUR Imaging September 2024

--- Page 8 (OCR) ---
Performance Data

The PIUR tUS Infinity system complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in
Medicine), developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association — NEMA PS 3.1-3.20.

PIUR Imaging conducted summative usability evaluation, performance validation testing and
software verification and validation testing of the PIUR tUS Infinity system. The results of the
usability and performance validation testing demonstrated that the PIUR tUS Infinity system
provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically
relevant parameters associated with the intended use of the software. Software performance,
validation and verification testing demonstrated that the PIUR tUS Infinity system met all design
requirements and specifications.

To validate the safety and performance of the PIUR tUS Infinity System software and machine
learning algorithms, PIUR conducted performance testing that consisted of two major parts:

1) Volume Measurement Validation

a. Demonstrate non-inferiority of volume measurements against conventional
protocol using:
i. Standardized (%) absolute inter-observer differences
ii. Lin’s Concordance Correlation Coefficient
iii. Mean Squared Error

2) ACR TI-RADS Classification Validation

a. Demonstrate non-inferiority of the PIUR tUS Infinity in ACR TI-RADS
classification against conventional 2D ultrasound using Weighted Cohen’s Kappa
coefficient in 196 male and female patients (US, Europe & Brazil) across multiple
ethnicities and using 7 ultrasound models (covering low-end, mid-range, and
high-end scanners).

b. In addition, PIUR assessed performance for individual ACR TI-RADS sub-
parameters to exclude bias or distortion introduced by 3D reconstruction using a
sub-set of 102 patients. Weighted Cohen’s Kappa Coefficients and Limits of
Agreement for ultrasound categories (total score, composition, echogenicity,
shape, margin and echogenic foci) were assessed on thyroid nodules.

Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the PIUR tUS Infinity. The testing
complies with the applicable sections of IEC 60601-1:2013, Medical electrical equipment — Part
1: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance, TEC 60601-1-2:2014,
Medical electrical equipment — Part 1-2: General requirements for the basic safety and essential
performance — Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility — Requirements and tests, and
IEC 60601-2-37:2016, Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements for the
basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring
equipment. An additional white-noise test verified that the use of the wireless PIUR tUS Infinity
equipment does not induce any additional white noise band in the ultrasound image, and

PIUR Imaging September 2024

--- Page 9 (OCR) ---
therefore, does not degrade the quality of ultrasound images

Together with software verification and validation, safety and performance testing demonstrated
that PIUR tUS Infinity system satisfies all design requirements and device specifications and is
substantially equivalent to the Predicate Device.

Substantial Equivalence

In comparison with the Predicate AmCAD device (K203555), the PIUR tUS Infinity device has
the same intended use / indications, technological characteristics and principles of operation as
described in the comparison table below.

Table 4: Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table

 

Description

Subject Device

Predicate Device (K203555)

 

Product Name

PIUR tUS Infinity

AmCAD-UT

 

 

Manufacturer PIUR Imaging GmbH AmCad BioMed Corporation
Product Code/ | gir / 21CFR 892.2050 QIH / 21CER 892.2050
egulation

 

Indications for
Use

 

 

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided
detection device intended to assist and
support the medical professionals in the
diagnostic workflow of thyroid and
thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-
cleared ultrasound systems, including
image documentation, analysis, and
reporting. The device supports the
physician with additional information
during image review, including
quantification and visualization of
sonographic characteristics of thyroid
nodules.

PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any
adult patient aged 22 and older,
independent of gender, linguistic and
cultural background, or health status,
unless any of the contraindications
apply.

PIUR tUS Infinity device is not
intended for body contact (including
skin, mucosal membrane, breached or
compromised surfaces, blood path
indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or
circulation blood).

 

AmCAD-UT is a Windows-based
computer-aided detection (CADe)
device intended to assist the medical
professionals in analyzing thyroid
ultrasound images, acquired from
FDA-cleared ultrasound systems.
The region of interest (ROI) of a
user-selected thyroid nodule is
defined by users or suggested by an
Al contouring algorithm. After the
initial review of the ultrasound
images by the physicians, the device
further provides detailed information
with quantification and visualization
of sonographic characteristics of
thyroid nodules. The device is
intended for use on ultrasound
images of discrete thyroid nodules
larger than Icm, for which a biopsy
recommendation is required.

 

 

PIUR Imaging

September 2024

--- Page 10 (OCR) ---
 

Description

Subject Device

Predicate Device (K203555)

 

Functional
Capability of
Image Processing

The device performs 2D to 3D
reconstruction to generate volumetric
data of a thyroid. User-selected
computer vision and machine learning
algorithm suggested volumes of thyroid
lobe and nodules are visualized to be
confirmed by user. The system provides
a user interface for the user to manually
select sonographic characteristics of
each nodule (hyperechoic foci,
echogenicity, texture, margin,
orientation and anechoic areas) from
which an ACR TI-RADS score will be
computed.

AmCAD-UT analyzes the user-
defined or Al-suggested regions of
interest (ROI) of a user-selected
thyroid nodule for detection and
quantification of sonographic
characteristics (hyperechoic foci,
echogenicity, texture, margin,
orientation and anechoic areas). The
device further provides detailed
information with visualization of
sonographic characteristics of
thyroid nodules.

 

Device provides quantification and
visualization of sonographic

AmCAD-UT is to provide
quantification and visualization of

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Reaueee characteristics based on 3D volumetric | sonographic characteristics after
e data. Results provide proposals to be physicians’ initial review of the
reviewed and confirmed by physicians. | images.
The image can be annotated with the
The device can export volumetric data, | detected sonographic characteristics
Output Generated | annotated screenshots and reports. and be recorded by the device. The
by the CAD Report can contain both sides of the software also automatically
Device patient and includes all relevant generates reports given the user
diagnostic information. preference inputs in the analysis
process.
Type of Film to be
Processed by the Digital ultrasound videoclip (cineloop) | Digital ultrasound image
CAD Device
Based on computer vision, machine Based on AI, Statistical Pattern
Software Design _| learning, pattern recognition and Recognition and Quantification
quantification method. method
The ground truth to be established for The ground truth to be established
Ground Truth performance studies of the device are for performance studies of the device
Establishment annotated data sets labeled by medical | jg the ROI labeled by a panel of
specialists. specialists.
Platform Windows-based Same
Operating System | Standard PC or review station Same
Clinical . . .
Application Thyroid Lesions Thyroid cancers
Image Type Ultrasound volume image Ultrasound Image

 

 

 

 

PIUR Imaging

September 2024

 

--- Page 11 (OCR) ---
 

Description

Subject Device

Predicate Device (K203555)

 

Image Format

DICOM format:

Secondary Capture Image Storage -
1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7

Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary
Capture Image Storage -
1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.2
Multi-frame True Color Secondary
Capture Image Storage -
1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.4

Refer to: DICOM-Conformance
Statement-PIUR tUS Infinity

DICOM3.0, Bitmap, JPEG

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ROI
Quantification Yes Yes
Automatically
Generating Yes Same
Report
Performance Results from standalone performance Results from standalone performance
Testing Data to testing of machine learning algorithm testi f AT ted ROIs of
Support SE suggested ROIs of user-selected esting o! Sugeester Sol
Determination nodules user-selected nodules
Infinity Box . .
Device Infinity Sensor N/A — Predicate is a software only
Components ty device (SaMD)
Infinity Software
pCO Yes Same
Compliance
Acquires medical image data from
Data Acquisition | DICOM compliant Ultrasound imaging | Same
devices
ace Ultrasound image via DICOM format Same
Types
Conclusions

The PIUR tUS Infinity system performs as intended and presents no unacceptable risks to the
intended patient population. The performance testing supports the safety of the device and
demonstrate that the PIUR tUS Infinity system performs as intended in the specified use
conditions. The PIUR tUS Infinity system is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
Predicate AmCAD-UT Device (K203555).

PIUR Imaging

September 2024

 
